
Kate , all I can say is I wished with all my heart that I could help you with this pain. I to had arthritis since I was in my twenties. Due to the use of so many pain medications. My entire body is messed up. Now I can't take anything for pain. I did try the oxycodone at one time it made me break out in hives. Your not alone. Keep posting it helps to get it off your chest. I'll be saying prayers for you. june
Kate, I have sacroiliitis associated with ulcerative colitis. I know what you're going through, and I agree no one deserves to hurt this way. I hope you can find some relief soon.
Hello there,Krissi
I was diagnosed with Sacroiliitis about a year and a half ago with an x-ray. I recently was diagnosed with Lymes desease which is known to cause inflamation and joint pain and have been on medication for a few weeks now but will need to continue for a year. I know that sacroiliitis can be caused by infections and my doctor ordered a test for my DHEA levels and some how was able to make the connection that it was caused by infection...I thought this may help because as far as I know sacriliitis is a symptom that can be cause by a number of factors. If you can get to the cause of your condition you may be able to get more specific treatment. I am as well young only 25 (dealing with this for 4years now trying to get answers) and it is so hard to put your life on hold due to something you have no control over....what keeps me going is my will to fight this and find whatever answers I can. Constant research and determination is what got me to a treatment plan and if I would have let this go on it is progressive and would have caused long term problems down the line. Keep your head up and keep going never stop and listen to your gut. If you feel you know something isnt correct with a diagnossis or feel you dont have the best treatment of care you have to do what ever you can to get it.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Hello Kate, Erin in Louisiana
Post is a bit old but I'll post anywaysThis disease really SUCKs
Hives= Allergic Reaction&nbsp;

I would have to agree.&nbsp; This is autoimmune for many and not just caused by excess weight or weak core musculature.&nbsp; Personally, I am 5'6 and 146 pounds...&nbsp; I lift weights, play sports when I'm up to it and was described as "robust" by my Rheumy.&nbsp; I have very strong abs that can support my body weight.&nbsp; I agree completely with finding a Rheumy that you like and that you trust.&nbsp; Mine knows that I cannot stop to rest (am a grad student in exercise physiology) so he is aggressive with my treatment so that I can get back "in the game" so to speak.&nbsp; The other interesting thing about something like sacroiliitis is that some people do not exhibit the elevated white count that traditionally is a hallmark of inflammatory disorders.&nbsp; I have a normal sed rate most of the time and my neutrophils and eosinophils are well within normal limits.&nbsp; That does not say that they are not high for me though.&nbsp; Individual variation should be taken into account when reading these tests.&nbsp; If you do not think that your doc is doing so, you can get a copy of all your labs and see what your counts look like when you are feeling good versus when you are in pain.&nbsp; 
hey fishes, can i have your weight please??&nbsp;
of course -   I am 5'6 and weigh 146.  We do body composition stuff in labs at school so I can tell you that according to air plethmysography I am around 23% body fat.  It's a bit high for my norm but I also have a mid-size to large frame.happy weekend:)
Hi momto:)aubs
Hi Everyone! I feel your pain! I am 35 and have SEVERE low back pain. I was diagnosed with Sacroiliitis & I get terrible knots in my back. I hurt all over! I've also tried EVERYTHING under the sun to get some relief.  I have been suffering for so long, I don't know what it feels like to be pain free. My mother passed away almost 3 years ago from Cardiomyopathy & untreated Celiac Disease can lead to Cardiomyopathy.  If untreated, it can cause all kinds of health problems.  She was 49 and didn't even know she was sick.  She thought she had a sinus infection.  I think my mom had Celiac Disease.  I am on a mission to make sure that someone listens to me!! I don't want that to happen to me.
hi, iam a 27 yr old female with two children.Ive resently found out ive got this horrible, painful condition.It took 8 mths to find out,tests and tests,mri until i had ct scan.It was from having my secound child,while i was pregant i suffered a coundition that was very painfull and unable to walk. After having sophie my lower back would hurt,buttocks and leg but after rest it would ease,then in april it was back and been in cronic pain ever since.I feel for everyone how is suffering from sacroilitis,its horrible very painful.My husband helps alot but it gets me down because he should not have to work then look after me and kids.Ive lost my job recently through long term sickness.Ive had physo,injection into joint,anti inflamaties,painkillers,ho***er bottles not one thing works.I am sick of hearing me saying' my back is killing' and i feel everyone else is sick of it.I have never been so low,i am very active,out going person,but having sacroiliitis is hell.Its nice to see topics with people how is going through the same,because people dont relise how painful it is.If anyone has any tips,treatments please help.
I am 31 yr old female and just diagnosed with sacroilitis.&nbsp; I was mis-diagnosed for 2 yrs with issues with my siactica.&nbsp; I just had injections of cortisone yesterday.&nbsp; I have been in pain now for 3 yrs, taking NSAIDS for&nbsp;3 yrs.&nbsp; I have been to physical therapy for siactica.&nbsp;&nbsp; I used to run 5 miles a day and/or workout for at least 1 hr a day.&nbsp; I have pretty much stopped working out due to the pain assiociated with it.&nbsp; Will I ever be able to work out again?&nbsp; I'm getting married in 4 months and REALLY want to be in good shape for my wedding!&nbsp; I want to try yoga and/or pilates as soon as my dr. says I can start working out again.&nbsp; I have always struggled with weight management and in the last few years I have become really in love with working out and have loved the benefits on my body.&nbsp; I have been so depressed from the pain and inactivity lately.&nbsp; I am so scared that this will be something I will have to "deal with" forever.&nbsp; Has anyone gotten any relief from this disease or been able to stop the progression?&nbsp; &nbsp; 
I am also 31 yr old female and was diagnosed with sacroiliitis 4 months ago. I had a bit of pain come and go after my daughter's birth, went to see an osteopath and massage therapist, why helped, but just a bit. The pain got worse when she was 5 months old and right after I caught a bug and got sick. I was first told by a doctor I had sciatica, but later my family doctor had me take a CT and an MRI to confirm exactly why I had sciatica and they diagnosed me with sacroiliitis. I took oral steroids for 10 days to get rid of the inflammation when it was at its worst abouthttp://www.celiac.com/articles/1033/1/Celiac-Disease-and-ObesityThere-is-a-Connection-by-Melissa-Croda-q/Page1.html
I am 60, and just diagnosed with sacroiliitis. I injured my left hip and lumbar vertebra in 1986. Dragged my left leg for 9 years due to severe sciatica from that injury. I saw a specialist in intra-neural muscle therapy and once my hip was back in place, I was able to work out, lose weight, and strengthen my low back muscles enough to lead a normal life. Then, in 2003, I injured my neck, and re-injured the left leg and hip. I had cervical laminectomy with a bad outcome. I now have severe, painful neuropathy in all extremities. I went from buying my clothes in the children's shops, to wearing &quot;Omar's Tents&quot;. I have several autoimmune disorders, but rheumatoid arthritis is not one of them. Late last year I found out I have antiphospholipid A/B disorder, and now I have developed sacroiliitis. I am unable to take pain meds. I am anaphylactic to aspirin and NSAIDS, steroids make me depressed. I have worked to find as many &quot;natural&quot; remedies as I am able.I've just joined this forum, and look forward to getting to know some of you through this format. I am so frustrated ATM, I could cry. I am so tired of hurting.........I have saved my &quot;little clothes&quot; and all my great exercise equipment PRAYING the day will come when I will be able to use them again.........I am an eternal optimist!
Hi all,And this really cure your SI joint probems which im suffering.
DUROLANE INJECTIONS IN KNEES. I am a new member,  58 years of age and have had various treatments and operations relating to osteoarthritis since my early 30s. Can anyone out there tell me about their experience with Durolane injections. I had them yesterday for the first time in my very arthritic knees, as advised by the doctor at the hospital. I can honestly say that I have never experienced such sickening and excruciating pain. As the injections went in I screamed and cried, I began to sweat profusely, and ended up vomiting and passing out with pain. The whole thing seemed barbaric. The pain I had yesterday was more than I received after a knee operation when they gave me morphine injections to ease the pain. Is this level of pain normal? Should I have received an anaesthetic? It has left me feeling very vulnerable and no way will I ever have that procedure again. Has anybody experienced anything like this?
Thanks for reply. I am use to pain, operations and steroid injections but never anything like I described above. Looked it up on a pain relief website. It said that 2 anaesthetic injections are used before the procedure. I wonder what happened to mine. I have empathy with your knees. If my knees were sensitive before they are more than sensitive now. Hope you well today.
I think you should find another doctor if you need to have more injections.  No one should have to suffer through pain like you described.  If they can't give you enough medication for pain relief, they should have you under a general anesthesia for the procedure.  Have you discussed the amount of pain you experienced with your doctor?  I would seriously consider another doctor.  That  can't be normal to feel that much pain, for gosh sakes!  Good luck.
Hi all i had the duralone injection yesterday and felt no pain at all i had no anaesthetic&nbsp;or freezing &nbsp;i really feel that if you are experiencing so much pain then it may be a problem with your doctor/surgeon over the years i have had numerous courses of synvisc, hyalgen ,corticosteroid and now the durolane and can honestly say i have never experienced the pain that you are refering to&nbsp; i have had the same consultant/surgeon do all the injections over the last 7 years i am hoping that the durolane gives me some relief but today i can feel the fluid building back up inside my knee and a feeling of pressure but will wait and see as this is listed as possible side effects and should calm down after a couple of days    
For the past 4-5 years, I've been receiving Durolane injections in both knees, aboutI went to my family doctor and have asked for another OS so I can have a second opinion. I'm 55 year old woman, eat healthy, have always tried to keep active and I'm starting to get depressed that there's no improvement in sight. It's now been over 2 months since the Durolane injections and I'm so much worse off than before the injections.  Has anyone ever experienced this?
We wanted to let you know about
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Just got back from the doctor today my sed rate is 25 I am 37 f. Showed - for ra but now doc thinks it is chronic lyme. I had lyme 4 years ago any idea how how the sed is?

Hi Tonya and Welcome to Healing Well... Looks like Erin has gotten you set up!&nbsp; She's a wonderful diagnostician as well as sounding board!&nbsp; Please keep us posted on how you are doing! Best of luck to you! - Duck
erin thanks for the info. My neutrophils are also high. and I am b12 defecient. The doc didnt do any lyme tests because he was looking for ra. I was dxd with fibromyalgia in May... I asked him at my visit if me having lyme 4 years ago could be causing me all the pain i am in because i was - for ra, he said it sounded like chronic lyme and if he had realized I had lyme in the past he would have suggested seeing someone else... I also have ddd in my neck with 4 bulging discs so he is sending me to an ortho I have an appt monday with a rheumy to see if they can help me. I suffer from swollen and painful joints constantly. I am 37 and feel like my life is doomed for ever. I had to quit my job in May because of my neck pain and I had a sit down job and when I sat for so long my joints would get so stiff I walked hunched over for a few hours. I cant even do physical work because when I do my other joints get even more inflammed. I applied for disability the first of nov but that is when I thought I just had ddd and oa. Now everything is changing. Xmas is coming up and my son keeps asking for the most expensive things and we just cant do it this year. I am so depressed but the doc i was seeing has me on so much med he didnt want to give me anything for the depression. He said he really isnt qualified to treat the rest of my problems just the b12 defeciency. Isnt that how it goes. So i will spend even more money going to more docs who will probably change my med and cost me even more money. My husband makes to much to qualify for any assistance. But we got so use to living on 2 incomes and now we dont have that. We just barely get by and it really stinks. I have worked since I was 15. 
Oh Tonya, I'm so sorry... your story is that of a lot of us here... Some of us are still able to work, but barely... My heart goes out to you... How old are you sons?&nbsp; It is hard for children to understand the strains that their parents are under... Especially being good parents, you don't let on to them that there are problems... Hopefully when you see the rheumy on Monday a lot of this will get squared away... please let us know how you are doing.... hugs coming your way... {{{{{[[[[[(((((Tonya)))))]]]]]))))) - Duck
Hi Tonya,



Article from the FDA about
I was have been diagnosed with osteoarthritis, a torn labrum and bursitis on my left hip. I am an active 59 yr old male. After months of physio and then gym conditioning, following two crashes on this hip in a two month period, I went to the ortho surgeon. I also broke 5 ribs and two transverse vertabrea in the crash. 
Did anyone tried paleo diet? If yes for how long? Any positive results? Decreased inflammation and pain? Honest answers are appreciated!
Very surprised there  is no topic for Still's.  I was diagnosed with AOSD in 1975. I think I was one of the first people with this disease.  It took about
I am new to this. I am not exactly an athlete but up until about eight months ago I was pretty active for my age. Long story short, after a disastrous bout at the gym which resulted in significant soft tissue damage, I got the RA diagnosis just after Thanksgiving. Oh, and I had JUST started the MTX when I got shingles. My weight has dropped, mostly muscle loss. My activity level is pathetic. I am only 62 and not ready for this. I have a horse and I need to ride, but life lately is hard. I guess what I want to know is, Am I going to be normal again? Am I going to get my life back? Will the RA pain and swelling diminish to the point I can get the injuries repaired and be able to go into my 70s with strength and enthusiasm? I know there are a lot of people who are a lot worse off, but I need to know that this tunnel has a light at the end. Thanks.
Hi I am taking Humira for Ulcerative Colitis and Spondyloarthritis.  Failed Pentasa, Azathioprine and finally Methotextrate due to allergies/intolerance. Taking Humira.  Have finally come off Prednisone Yay!!!
I had the strangest experience Saturday night. My new doctor prescribed 10 milligrams of prednisone 4x a day for a very bad flare of fibro and RA. Saturday was fine, but Saturday night I was getting ready for bed and went downstairs to brush my teeth. At some point, I noticed the wall and sat down fascinated. I thought the wall was moving, and I was convinced a pink spot on the wall was a tiny fish. I kept pushing the spot playing with the fish. Eventually the wall got wet, and I COULD PUT MY FINGERS IN THE WALL, and play with the sand. Hubby came over, was shocked and called 911, I had a CT scan and blood work, but I was fine. The ER doctor said it was the high dose of prednisone! I have always hated the stuff, I prefer Kenalog shots, and my new RA office has never given them to me. Has anyone else experienced hallucinations?
Has anyone here had a torn meniscus in the knee???  How did it go for you??? I am sitting here in bed upset.  A month ago, while undergoing some PT, my knee got way worse and I got a horrible pain one night when I was getting up from a seated position. The knee felt so much worse so I went to the walk in Orthopedic clinic in my town. They took an x ray, said I have osteoarthritis and they could do a cortisone shot. Since those  make my blood sugar skyrocket, I thought I'd wait it out and see. When things didn't get better, I asked for an MRI and they refused me. Meds: plaquenil, synthroid, Zantac, restasis, estrogen patch, prometrium, VSL #3, evening primrose oil, Omega 3 supplement-Maxi Tears, L glutamine, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Co Q10.
My rheumatologist recommended I try tumeric for pain and inflammation. I've been doing a little reading and the recommended dosage is abut 1000 mg of 95% curcumin, which is the ingredient in the tumeric that combats inflammation.  It is also recommended that black pepper be included because it helps with absorption. I bought some on Amazon, but they only contain aboutI was wondering if anyone is taking tumeric, and if so, what brand and dosage.  Its very hard to know what to buy, as I guess some of them are total rip-offs.
Hi,open them in the am, hip pain awake off & on every night.  Diagnosed with fibromyalgia and RA on Plaquenil...a little better, not much...
Hi all,Martin
This is my first time posting to this site. I’ve had RA since 2013. I’m taking  Methotrexate, Sulphasalazine, Hydroxychlorquine, and Folic Acid. I go in every three months for  Bloodwork and they have  always been good with no problems. This last time the tests were all good except the WBC.That was very low! I retested today but am very anxious over the results. I googled Low WBC and that is scary! Has anybody else had this issue?
I get Remicade infusions every 4-6 weeks. Also have several blooddrawls. My veins have a tendency to blow.  My friend who also gets infusions (not chemo) has a port and loves using it. If you have a portacath, did your doctor recommend you get one or did you ask for one? Or did you talk to your infusion nurse about it? Any information would be useful!
Does anyone have lung problems?  I was diagnosed with RA at the age of 8 and am now above 50.  I am having a vague heavy feeling in my chest.  No cough, but it seems I'm not getting enough oxygen.  No sharp pains, although sometimes I do feel a burning sensation.  None of this seems to be associated with my heart.  Anyway, none of my symptoms seem to follow the lung diseases associated with RA.  I was curious if anyone else was troubled with these issues.   
Has anyone been switched to Inflectra that was previously on Remicade?  If so how do you feel?I had my first infusion of Inflectra March 23 - it has been horrible compared to Remicade.  Looking for anyone else that may have any thoughts.
Hey thanks
I'm 34 and have been diagnosed with RA a year ago when my wife and I are planning on starting a family. I'm on methotrexate for over 6 months and my sperm count/quality has dropped significantly over the past year (there's no other plausible cause but the medication). My doctor has been coy about
hI aLL,
Hi to all,Dolphin500.
My son was diagnosed with ankylosing spondylitis at age 19. His symptoms are very similar to RH. He was initially given NSAIDs, steroid injections, sulfasalazine's, then onto TNF inhibitors. Enbrel did well for awhile. Once Enbrel stopped working, he tried several other TNFs that failed him. He then moved onto the IL-17 inhibitor Cosentyx, which caused &quot;reactivated viruses&quot; and made him very ill for 6 months.  He is now 24 and can barley move from so much pain. His life has been put on hold with college and a social life. This disease is progressing and the pain from it is becoming unbearable for him to handle. A once active athletic young adult now barley able to move. Very hard to watch as mother.I have Lyme disease and I take a mixture of herbs and pharmaceuticals. The herbs work very well for me. My son is pro pharmaceutical and doesn't seem to believe that herbs will help him. So my big question is...Has anyone tried Devil’s claw (Harpagophytum procumbens)? This herb is widely used in Europe for treatment of arthritis pain, headache and low back pain. A number of scientific studies have found that it can help relieve the pain and stiffness, particularly when it affects the knee or hip.   Also, boswellia serrata (Indian frankincens)? The arthritis foundation claims that it reduces  inflammation and treats RA, AS and bursitis. So where to go after biologics fail? Please, any advice would be greatly appreciated!!
Starting the loading dose (2 injections) tonight. I’m a little nervous. I’ve tried Entyvio and Remicade before, so I’m assuming it will be similar in terms of tolerance? Can anyone tell me what I might expect to feel like after my first dose? Or, should I look out for any reaction in particular? Is this considered the big guns, in terms of arthritis treatment? I know, based on my Ulcerative colitis, going to the biological was a bigger step. I’m a little nervous.
Hi everyone,Rheumatoid Factor - 140.8 (normal range 0.0 - 13.9)
Hello, new here.  Just had first dose of CIMZIA last week.  Some pain relief on day 2.  Terrible nightmares for 3 nights.  Horrible fatigue, which is better today.  Pain now center at hips and lower back. 78, male, took year to DX sever migrating RA with sever flareups.  Father had it at 44.  I have no swelling or redness.  Bld tests did not show RA factor.  Immune system and inflamation factors way high.  Also taking 7 pred a day, down from 20, will resume taking off a mg a month when we see how CIMZIA works, two 30 mg symbalta a day.  Off mdx as it raised liver tests.  Looking for a possible thread on CINZIA, but can t figure search!  Hope everyone is having a better day today than yesturday.  RAbid
Hello,
I have, for sometime now, acheness and tingling in feet after being on my feet 30 minutes or so. I do not have sugar problems. Discomfort is more sever with the longer I'm on my feet without resting. I had an xray taken and the report said "There is a small joint effusion anteriorly". What is that and what does it mean?Thanks
I don't know what that dx means, but if resting for a short bit helps and you can get back up - I'd suggest seeing a podetirist and finding out if you have Morton's Neuroma or something similar. 
hey duck, although I have had difficulty standing for long periods of time for a ling time these new symtoms... tingling... has been going on since May 9th... one day after myelogramCaMama, I looked up Morton's and no... doesn't fit but thanks
Hi, I usually post on the lyme board, but I also have reactive arthritis.  Tingling and achiness in the feet can be a sign of neuropathy with many causes.  My feet tingle because I have neuropathy from the lyme disease. I am with others that you should check in with a rheumatologist sooner rather than later.Best wishes and hope you feel better soon.
Neuro does not know what to make of the symptoms in my legs after myelogram.  I had a similar reaction 8 years ago ony it was a spot on my back that, size of a softball, that would go to sleep for about 8 years.  So far docs cant find anything... Really concerning to me too.  Can't drive due to the pins and needles in my feet and legs... Doc say's it would be unsafe.  Yes, I had a EMG.  Shock plus the needle.  Left arm, neck, and left leg.  I do not have the results back yet however.  Where they stuck me with the needle, one of the spots (three inches above my eft wrist) now goes to sleep when hands are at my sides when standing.  Also feels like I am wearing a watch.  Seems to me they should not mess with my nervous system.

M Hi,Curley
I too have the joint pain and all my tests have come back neg. except a vit. D deficiency. If that hasn't been checked, it should be.  One of the effects is joint pain. It is also common in Crohn's because of malabsorbtion. I am taking a Rx suppliment and it is helping some I think.  Also, joint pain can be an effect of Crohns. They are trying to tell me I have fibromyalgia, but I don't buy it.  I don't have the pressure pain points. They gave me ultram and a muscle relaxer last week but it doesn't help so far. Curley, do you know if one can ultimately end up diagnosed with arthritis without the imflamation tests being elevated?
i have alot of pain at times with no swelling or inflamation.I have Oeteoarthritis in all my joints..........
Good luck with your new doctor.  If they think no RA why plaquenil.  If you do have RA the plaquenil is a good choice but if you are still having pain you need more.   Definetly time for a new doc or at least another opinion.Sj
yes, it is possible..I have had blood work taken&nbsp;on some of my worst flare days and the tests have returned negative much to my surprise..The fingers on my left hand are starting to become deformed (crooked)&nbsp;and some&nbsp;have the rhematoid nodules on them..Just because your testing is negative or&nbsp;your inflammation isn't visible doesn't mean it isnt there.&nbsp; Someone mentioned Plaquenil which I cannot get by without, it is wonderful for inflammation/pain if taken over time.
I have been tested for RA and do not have it. I have severe pain in my lower back, and knees. Have had it for about 15 years ,no visible swelling or inflamation.  I was recently told my bone density test was really bad and needed to take vitamin D and 1600mg of calcium a day. I was also sent for a reclast infusion . Was told I have osteoarthritis, osteoperosis and one other form of arthritis. Can't take any meds for pain. I am planning on seeing an orthopedic surgeon to see if he can give me injections of snyoval sp. (rather than knee, or hip replacement) .This  was recommended by the last physiction I saw.
&nbsp;Thank you for the information, hope, and understanding.&nbsp; Takes one to know one Huh?
Hi Happyscrapper,
The manufacturer includes all that in the package insert, which I do not have with me now.  I will find out for you on Monday and will post to this thread.  When the test was introduced into our lab last year, our supervisor was telling us that it was a little bit more sensitive than the RF test.  I will be able to give you more info on Monday (5-5).
I like the quote you have.&nbsp; It's so true! 

Thanks, Jody and you are welcome for the info. I am always happy to help where I can.   I feel pretty good.  How aboutYou guys have a blessed day.  Take care and I will be back. :)


Swollen lymph nodes are symptoms of very many things, so I suspect they should always be checked out to determine what is going on -- if anything can be determined.
They told me in high school I had Sjorgrens. I&quot;ve had that happen to me at least once a year since I was a kid. I would ask you're docter though, there are alot of things that cause a sore neck. Hope things go well
There is a wealth of information on Sjogren's Syndrome available at &quot;Life is far too important to be taken seriously.&quot; - Oscar Wilde
I began taking Cell Cept two months ago to control lung involvement due to Sjogren's. I am taking 500 mg 2x a day right now but my  rheumatologist says most people need 750 to 1000 2x a day. Is anybody else taking this? What dose do you take and is it working ?
I randomly developed a dry mouth 4 days ago. i happen just like a switch, one moment my mouth was fine then it was suddenly very dry!  my throat feels like i have a virus but im not coughing. (my sinuses are stuffy but not blocked) im eating ok, though i can feel textures are different. 
I'm a relatively private person and I don't like people knowing about my health problems.  Occasionally I feel so fatigued that I don't feel like I can go out.  I don't like to tell that I'm not feeling well enough to go out.  I just don't like being treated like a sick person.  My husband won't allow me to make up an excuse if we're spending time with his friends or family.  I feel rude if I tell them at the last minute that I simply can't make it without any explanation.  I think bailing without explanation is likely to make people angry.  A few people that I can't avoid tend to be prone to gossip, so if I tell them, I'm not sure how to handle it.  Also, I feel like I usually don't look sick, so even people that know what's going on seem to have trouble understanding. Have any of you faced this dilemma?  If so, how do you handle this?  Should I just tell people?  Thank you!
Hi Thanks.
I have primary Sjogren's.  Fatigue is my biggest problem.  My joints are doing ok right now with Plaquenil, but the fatigue is really terrible.  Would Methotrexate help the fatigue more?  Should I switch to Methotrexate?  Thank you!
I saw that someone else mentioned they felt like they had a faulty thermostat in their body also, everyday, if it's not 70 or below I sweat and feel horrible. Most people with sjogrens don't report this.
A friend of mine with RA told me about other people's experiences with tumeric.  I took plaquinil for several years... it was great at first, but gradually became less and less affective until it was no longer working for me anymore.  Did anyone have this experience with plaquinil?  I'm wondering if I'll have the same sort of experience with tumeric.  Do you guys have any experience with tumeric?
I think I've heard of Lupus and RA occasionally going into remission after methotrexate.  Does primary sjogren's ever go into remission after methotrexate?  Plaquinil isn't working for me anymore.  Fatigue is my primary problem.  Azathioprine only seems to help a little.  My rheumy says methotrexate is my only other option.  Right now I'm just kind of getting by mostly on tumeric and advil, but I'm not doing great.  Any suggestions?
Good Morning all. Well I'm new to posting on this board, I'm usually on the anxiety one.  I have had anxiety my whole life and got really bad in March-April and finally feeling some relief.  I'm currently taking Buspar and Zoloft.  My new issue is extremely dry mouth/lips and vaginal dryness.  The dry mouth is consuming my life.  I have a Dr appt today regarding it.  Just curious if this sounds like Sjogrens? Also what test should I request today at appt. Thank you
I know many of you are tired and may be fatigued. However, I think it would be very helpful for me and others to get a sense of how the medicines you've taken have evolved over time so that there is a better sense of the disease's path. (i.e. most everyone starts with plaquenil+symptomatic therapy for example but quite a few go on to steroids, cellcept, azathioprine, rituxan, etc).Cheers!
HiRegards from Slovenia
Hello all,I pray for all of you here struggling with this condition and hope that you find relief. Leave no stone unturned in your journey. As they say, it's always found in the last place you look.
Hello, my neurologist sent me for blood work for Sjorgens and Lyme Disease. The only things that came back was a high Alpha A 1 Globulin and a reactive 41 IGG band.He sent me because he found my feet and brain weren't communicating like they should, also off balance when I walk and/or stand. I have had dry mouth, nose, eyes for a few years now, my eyes most of the time feel tired and burn, I was tested for swallowing issues (nothing found), my thoughts don't seem very clear at times, word sometimes come out wrong, forgetful/foggy brain, forget things all the time, joint pain, tired all the time, very off balance (I have fallen a couple times! I don't see him till Feb, I do see my primary in January so I'm gonna ask him and ask for a referral to a rheumatoid dr when I see him. I would just like answers as to why I feel this way.
Hey I'm new here. I've been suffering from sjogren's for 6 years now (firmly diagnosed). My symptoms have progressed over the years, from just fatigue and dry, to dizziness, occasional swollen on ankle or back of hands, now to frequent (almost constant) jaw pain, sensitive hearing and stiff neck and constant ringing in ears. The pain is unbearable at times. MRI was done on my lower face and except for abnormality (scarred) glands, everything else was within normal range. I am not on any autoimmune medications as my rheumatologist thought my case was still mild, and I'm allergic to plaqunil. Now I have to frequently take ibuprofen, which upsets my stomach. I am having trouble sleep at night because of night sweats and anxiety. I wonder weather anybody else suffered from ear and jaw related issues and have some holistic solutions for that.
Hi, I am new to this site. I have many problems but main conditions are Lupus, Antiphospholipid Syndrome and Sjogrens with many other “bits”Does anybody else have similar and is it treatable. Life is getting unbearable .
Hello,  I am new here.  Just wondering if anyone here also has scleroderma? Sometimes Sjogren's shows up with scleroderma which I have.  So few of us have it that it is hard to find someone to connect with.  Wishing you all a God blessed day!
any sjoggies have help for extreme fatigue
IS sibo COMMON among sjogren patients
Have any Sjoggies tried essential oils?
My eyes are so dry including skin and mucous membranes,when wake up in morning they are glued shut .
Hi!  i used to hang around on the Crohn's board.  I am trying to resolve some long term issues and a lot of my research points me to Sjogren's.  I was dx'd with Crohns back in 1990 and am on very limited meds.  Within the the last ten years, new issues have showed up that aren't all CD related.  I have the joint issues....but I have also always had wacky skin issues.  I was diagnosed with small fiber neuropathy a couple of years ago.  I have always had bad teeth issues and what seems like fluid in my ears and a permanent itchy nose and eyes.So....I have rambled.  I don't know if Sjogren's is a dx for me - I hate to ask for a test.  I wanted to know...do any of you use antibiotics and see symptom relief?
Friends,&quot;Life is far too important to be taken seriously.&quot; - Oscar Wilde
My mouth is so dry,have trouble eating.Food turns &quot;mushy&quot; and I can't swallow it.
Hello,
got so very depressed past few days. but thanks to a friend's statement, i found my trigger. unfortunately, it's church. was becoming more active in my episcopal church... altar guild, chalice bearer, reader, lay eucharistic visitor. now i cry just going there. break apart at the smallest thing. so what do i do now? just totally cut off from it all? afraid to go there at all. cry and cycle down every time. calls up all these memories of all i had done and how little i can do. also how i'm nothing and can't do anything right. can't seem to read prayer book. lose my place, read words wrong. have &quot;retired&quot; from reading and altar guild, etc. but is totally cutting myself off good for me?
Hi all.&nbsp; I'm dictating for my mom since she's not very familiar with the computer.&nbsp; She's 54 and most of her life has dealt with anxiety and/or depression.&nbsp; Recently, she was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder by a Psychologist and was confirmed by a Psychiatrist.&nbsp; The Psychiatrist took her off of her antidepressant and put her on a low dose of Lamictal.&nbsp; It's been 2 weeks and she still doesn't have any relief.&nbsp; Has anyone out there taken Lamictal for Bipolar Disorder?&nbsp; How long did it take to kick in?&nbsp; Here are a list of side effects she's dealing with - most since her recent increase in dosage: insomnia (she's taking Ambien for that), anxious, nervous, chest hurts, antsy, muscles in back, shoulders, and neck in knots, headache, and bad tummy ache (upper part).&nbsp; She feels like she's having a panic attack.&nbsp; What do you do about any of it?&nbsp; Do you just deal with it or is there some relief?&nbsp; Her Psychiatrist is telling her to tough it out, but I'm afraid there's a point where toughing it out is too tough.&nbsp; Any thoughts?&nbsp; Thanks.&nbsp; Kim
Hello how is everyone doing today.&nbsp; As you all know the little boy I have guardianship of has been diagnosed with severe childhood bipolar, well he has now also been diagnosed with Static Enephalopathy ( fetal alcohol effect).&nbsp; It seems to be never ending for him.&nbsp; He is doing really good right now.&nbsp; The rispedal has done wonders for him. If anyone has any advice or knows anything about this new diagnosis please help me out.&nbsp; Thanks.

odd how this pops up now. today i talked with my therapist and i asked if a child can have bipolar. i remember feeling the manic symptoms, extreme irratibility, the guilt and the voices in my head. she said its sort of an up an up and coming thing, new to have people actually diagnosing it. alls i know is i have been through it, and i remember parts of my childhood being truly hell. i feel for you and for your boy and i truly hope that he continues doing well.
Thanks for replying.....&nbsp; I truely believe that if we didn't end up with him and he would have stayed with any of the bio family he wouldn't be getting the diagnoses and help he needs.&nbsp; I feel that both me and Kbear have been blessed with each other.&nbsp; He is a wonderful little boy....He's just broken and can't be fixed.&nbsp; He has brain damage because his bio mom drank while pregnant.&nbsp; It makes me sick to think that someone could do something like this to a child.&nbsp; 
Hi, I'm hoping someone out there can give me some advice.Need some help. Any ideas?
Hi Ranman . My daughter is 14 and is bi poloar also. Fortunately she was dx when she was 8. She was a suicidal manic depressant, now shes an A B honor roll student with many friends and she seems to b living a somewhat normal life. She is still depressed and very angry sometimes but not as much as before. When she was first dx i had make the decision to hosp her at the age of 8 because she was talkin about killing herself!!! We put her in a mental hosp for 8 days of testing and counsling. She is doing much muvh better but I feel that she wont beable to handle some of lifes problems when shes older. She hates takin her meds but even she can tell the diff between no meds and meds. She still has very depressing days and migraines. I hope your son will realize that therapy and meds will help him to live a normal life. May GOD bless you all. If he evr wants to talk with me or my daughter let me know.   Sincerely proud indian
amazing! And id have to agree - marijuana is really bad for psychosis and depression. congratulations to your son on coming through it - im sure youre all relieved!who knows what tomorrow may bring



i understand that meds take weeks and weeks to take effect, but what do i do in the meantime? have seroquel 100 mg to take every night and in emergencies, but it just puts me to sleep. lamictal (low dose) doesn't appear to be doing much except stop me up, so to speak. been on carbitrol for years anyway for tle. i don't get it. linda
have been cycling so quickly that i'm getting dizzy! was okay for a new high of 3 days. or was it just hypomanic? don't know. have no idea anymore what &quot;normal&quot; is. as someone put it, it's a setting on a washing machine. doc upped my lamictal and seroquel (love the latter) but it takes so long to notice any improvement. having very weird dreams ... from the  300 mg seroquel i now take at night? on tues. p.m. a deer attempted to enter my car thru windshield and sent me to new lows and mental floggings not to mention financial distress. getting to be i dread feeling &quot;okay&quot; because i know something's coming that will hurt. plus therp wants me to change doctors and go to someone she recommended. can't change without more upset. feeling pulled and pushed in too many directions right now to keep any semblance of stability. HELP!linda
can't bear the thought of another change. still in denial phase of this blasted disease. one of problems was in reaching pdoc when necessary, but have his beeper and hospital numbers. plus present pdoc is highly acclaimed. don't want to change/give up on someone who is helping me. in my readings, found even when cycling is slowed or stabilized, can still have it. so why even bother?   linda

Hi Sudan,&nbsp; I would hate to tell you that yes your husband sounds like he could be bi-polar.&nbsp; I myself am Bi-polar and was dx in 1995, even though it has been many years since I was dx I find new things out about my disiese everyday.&nbsp; My suggestion would be to see if your husband would be willing to go to a specialist to talk to them.&nbsp; Many dr.'s are willing to let both partners in on office visits, which would enable you to tell the dr. what you your self have observed.&nbsp; Your husband may not even realize he is doing some of the things you notice him doing.&nbsp; That would be the first step I would take.
Thank you very much for your reply! I'm trying to get up the nerve to discuss it with him. Susan
 
hi mel.i can explain about bipolar 2 which i have suffered for a long time.i have short spells of feeling high also called hypermania i feel really good.but very long periods of severe depression normally lasting for aproxx 1 to 1 half years.anxious and panic attacks are also quite commen.there are other types of bipolar such as bipolar 1 where you suffer mania instead of hypermania but i dont really know to much about them.good luck gaz

Hi, and thanks for the reply. I guess what I was asking was how long were you on the preds before you became bi-polar? The way I understood your post you felt that the preds caused your bi-polar condition. Is that right? Also, what strength preds had you been on and again for what length of time. I hope you don't mind my asking. As I told you before I am on alot of medication too, and also suffer from anxiety and depression, but I am not bi-polar. You can e-mail me at 
Dear Sonia, Thanks for the reply. You take alot of medicine just like me, the only difference being, you are so young to be going through all that. Having to put off your wedding as well as your graduation has got to be tough. You sound very strong though, and I know you can get through it. I had been on preds , as much as 60 mgs. at one time, but am now back down to 5 mgs. a day. I seem to have a hard time getting below the 5 mg. mark. Start to have withdrawel. The preds are wonderful when you need them but sometimes very hard to get off of. I have an eye infection right now( conjuntivitis) and it is hard to stay on the computer very long so I have to stop writing for now. Thanks again, and will talk to you again. Hugs, Nic
Bipolar chat Saturday Night May 29th. To get to the chat room go to the right of the screen under the community link and click on the chat rooms and it will take you to the chat rooms. 
Did anyone get a rash from this drug? 
Whew, it looks nothing like that.
Thanks closure!  I think looking at it, it had to be something in the garden that bit me up.  Now to worry about
Hi Mrs_sleeve,
I actually was one to get the rash, but most of the meds the doc to put me on I have a bad side effect. Sometimes I wonder if the side of effect I have on some of the meds is just in my head since I don't want to take the med. But I was taken off Lamictal a few days after going on it.
Please accept my apologies for not familiarizing myself with the board before jumping on, but I got so exciting today when I was reading (another location) about bi-polar disease.  I have been long diagnosed as depressed/anxious.  Also suffer from severe Panic Disorder, largely under control these days, but I always wondered based on my mood swings if I could be bipolar. I figured I must not be because I don't run off and buy cars, pick up guys and go for rides through the desert (Patty Duke's &quot;A Brilliant Madness&quot;)  Now I find out there are lesser degrees.  I know you can't diagnose me, in fact I have already made an appointment with my phscyhiatirst, but I am so excited.  My whole life has been a serious of toughing it out interspersed with really having my stuff together and accomplishing alot. I'm 55, so it's not like I haven't been around the block.   Non of the anti-depressents have made a bit of difference.  I just figured there's something inherently wrong with me.  It sounds silly I bet, but I hope I do have it.  At least there is a reason why I commit to a social event one day, and than just can't make my self go.  I feel like such a yuk.Thank you whoever put this board up, and thank you God, Allah, Buddha,  etc., for letting me trip onto it at this most  critical time.
Hello everyone, I have more questions that I would really like to have answered by someone with personal experience. The more I read about bipolar and the more I try to understand, the less the symptoms seem to represent my wife's behaviors for the last twenty years. I have been reading on borderline personality disorder and her actions tend to represent this more accurately than bipolar. Her moods have always been stable and she has told me she has never suffered from depression. She has had problems with ocd, anxiety, and phobias, all symptoms of bpd. From the fear of abandoment, the phobias, the anxiety, the inability to maintain an intimate personal/sexual relationship for an extended period of time (our intimacy has always been cyclical, good for a while then slacks off, we fight about it and it's good for a while then slacks off we fight about it and you get the picture) and the list goes on to more closely reflect symptoms of bpd than those of bipolar. One thing that concerns me the most about her diagnosis of bipolar, is that she went to the hospital on a Monday at 3:00 pm and was admitted, she was to the point that she was almost ready to have a nervous breakdown where we had argued and fought all night and early the next morning. She was still taking Zoloft and was legally drunk when we went through the emergency room, even though she had not had anything to drink since 11:00 am the previous day. She saw her psychiatrist around 9:00 pm that first night and the first thing he did was stop the Zoloft and wean her off of the Kolonapin. She only saw the psychiatrist about thirty minutes each day until Thursday when he made the diagnosis. I would tend to think that the information that she provided for at least the first two days would not be very credible seeing the condition she was in when she arrived there. He never asked her anything about the previous 19 years, only about the last four months. The five days she was in the hospital they never asked me a single question about the state of her moods for the last twenty years or anything else. Should her emotional history have been evaluated to determine if there were mood swings, depression, or manic sysptoms in the last twenty years. Should I not have been questioned thoroughly about what I have seen and lived with for the last twenty years. Could the doctor have mis-diagnosed the combination of borderline  personality disorder (a symptom of both bpd and bipolar is promiscuity) and alcohol abuse while taking Zoloft  as the symptoms of bipolar? If this were your wife of twenty years would you seek a second opinion? One of the major symptom of bpd is the fear of abandonment probably caused by a seperation or sense of loss while a small child ( my wife's parents went through a nasty divorce when she was very young, leaving her with her mother, and her two younger brothers going with their father). My wife has told me and our counselor numerous times since she was relased from the hospital that she was always terrified I would leave her even though we had a good marriage and she knew that I loved her. I can tell that her mother influenced her greatly with the ocd and the phobias. One of the things I have noticed about her mother is that she is is always checking things multiple times, and she is always overly frightened of everyday things and situations, such as her husband backing the rv into the driveway, and usually the first words out of her mouth are &quot;oh my God be careful&quot; or &quot;oh my God watch out&quot; and sometime she goes so far as to cover her eyes. She is also terrified of thunderstorms, as in the past she would get up in the middle of the night, call and ask to come over,  and then drive 15 miles to our house if there were a thunderstorm coming through, as if it were safer at my house than hers. She now has my nine year old daughter frightened of thunderstorms and I am trying to show my daughter that there is nothing to be frightened of during a normal storm. I know my wife's mother behaved this way as my wife was growing up and probably planted all of these seeds for phobias in her head. I also think that there is something else that I have not uncovered yet because my wife has severe anxiety when her mother calls on the phone, and when her mother is at our house my wife can't sit still from the anxiety and I have noticed that her hands tend to shake when she is in the same room as her mother. Any thoughts about this confusing situation would be greatly appreciated.

Sorry For the error ..."My Introduction" is the Topic of my 1st post Bipolar Disorder..
I don't know if I phrased my question correctly, but I think you'll be able to get the gist.  I just would like to know what everyone does to try to calm themselves down when they are in this state.  I'm hypomanic at the moment (heart racing, bursts of energy, no need for sleep) and I've been manic all day so for the future and for right now I could use some calming down.  It's weird because in my past I've had similar feelings but they were due to anxiety/panic attacks; I kind of feel like I have an excess amount of good anxiety...which is great and all but not at 1 AM/2 AM/3 AM in the morning.
thanks for the replies!-Sher
Well, I am a music major with a concentration in music therapy. I would like to work with adolescents with various mental illnesses, even more irony there!Sher
Aw, what you said really touches me!
sher211,
See, I would call my pdoc (psychiatrist?), but she hasn't been helpful in the past in handling my episodes.  Last time I felt suicidal and called her to bring up the possibility that perhaps it was the introduction of a new med, she simply replied &quot;I haven't heard of any of those symptoms occuring with that medication&quot;-- this really isn't something that a person with suicidal thoughts wants to here lol.  Another reason why I am resistant to call her is that even though she might tell me that she wants me to come in as soon as possible, it's not exactly doable.  My College is aboutSo...untill I move unto another outpatient facility, I guess that I'm kind of stuck.
I am new to this. Not to the Bipolar but to this forum. How does one know if they are on the right meds? My doctor tells me Lexapro and Lamictal are the best meds to be on. But, I have had two BAD situations (one Jan-Feb. and Nov.-Dec.) that nearly caused us to divorce. I have alot of highs and lows. Of course I would like to be normal but like the highs more than the lows, except when I go out of control. I am trying to have my friends for support but don't want to over burden them. My husband is doing a great deal of research and is seeing my theropist with me. If anyone could give me some advice, I will welcome it.pandalover
i am new to all this. and i feel so bad for everyone who has this problem i am hoping by us exchanging information we can help each other. i don't have this bipolar. but i just found out my daughter does she goes to her room starts to break everything yelling screaming out of control. i feel helpless i don't know what to say or how to help,honest this is making me ill . she was put on med called lithium she would not take. is it ok if i tell her she has bipolar and she needs to get help. and do i tell her that when she is ok or when she having a manic. she is 27 years old she lives with me . any kind info at this point would be helpful and a presheted so much


Phyllis, I want to thank you for your words of wisdom. I am thankful that my medications have given me the chance to live a new life. You are so right about the term &quot;chemical imbalance.&quot;  I will use it. You made me stop and think about the next ten years of my life. Indeed, they have the potential to be among the best of times.Charlie
Hi everyone,

I put on weight with the meds I too. My appetite increased on my meds. Carbs are the worse craving for me. It seems to be the antipyschotics that do that. 
Hello everyone:
Try to get your daughter in to see a psychiatrist. They are the best at dx'ing what could be wrong. Try to find one that has experience working with children. It's good that you are taking your daughter to see a therapist. Hopefully your daughter will make full use of that resource and be able to talk openly to the therapist. If one doesn't seem to work well don't hesitate to find a different therapist. Sometimes it could take a couple tries to find the right one. 

WHAT DO YOU MEAN NO ONE WILL CALL YOU BACK THAT IS UN CALLED FOR.. GO TO THE PLACE OF BUSSINESS.. TAKE YOUR DAUGHTER THERE..  AND IF THEY DON'T CALL BACK THEN MAYBE THEY ARE NOT THE RIGHT TYPE OF DOCTORS TO SEE... GOOD LUCK.....
Hi my name is Ann,
Hi Ann,
Hi Ann, I was dx as bp I when I was 36 - my first trip to the hospital.&nbsp; I know how expensive depression and bp can be, however try to find a local clinic on maybe some group therapy sessions.&nbsp; It's too hard to deal with either alone.&nbsp; I am not sure if or what type of insurance you have but most do have a separate mental health part of the insurance, you will have to call to find out and possibly get authorization to use a dr. or a therapist that they will pay for.&nbsp; I would not be able to get by without my therapists.&nbsp; It might take some digging around but the help is out there.&nbsp; You might even think about contacting the mental health agency in your state for recommendations.&nbsp; 
Hi, Ann, I would agree w/Phyllis. If there's a way to get help, get it now. I am 50, diagnosed at 26, and I messed around with denial, self-medication, going it alone and trying to hide it for all that time. Looking back, I wish i had just &quot;done the work&quot; in my late 20's to get this monster under control. There are ways to do it, but it takes help. Best of luck. Tracy
  &nbsp;In all seriousness, can you occasionally have a few drinks or more with the medications that they treat us for like bipolar. I am on depakote and xanax.....&nbsp;was just curious.

beware hard liquor! had two one night and my body went totally crazy/sick/pain. have been okay with a very small glass of wine once in a while. i sit by someone i know at baseball games or parties so i can grab a sip or two of beer. otherwise, i stay clear but could just be hard liquor that does it.

 &nbsp;
I think drinking on these meds is about two categories: the chemistry of it and the psychology of it.  Some people feel they can't psychologically handle alcohol with their illness or after reaching a finally stable place, and that is totally understandable I think. I think this is the aspect of it that Songster was talking about.  Not everyone handles alcohol the same.-Em
 &nbsp;
im responding to the question as to which we can drink or not. i have found that i cant drink anymore that im on the medication lamictal. it makes me seiously sick. i've tried twice, once was having a mixed drink, two of them, and the second time was having three beers and both times i became very very sick. talking projectile vomiting and stomach pains. before i was on lamictal and was on numerous other meds i was able to handle the alcohol. i think it just depends on what medication your on. i also dont belive in drinking on meds so i am done. i had one doctor tell me that if i knew i was going to be someplace that i might have a drink. to stop the medication for 24 hours before, but resume them once the night is over, like the next day. im really on the fence about mixing. but i know as long as im on lamictal i wont be drinking.
I dont touch booze because it not only makes me feel like crap but it triggers nasty horrible things with this bipolar crap I have.&nbsp; When I was on lithium and trazadone I could drink till the cows came home and I could keep going.&nbsp; When it comes to meds and are illness I have come to learn that booze and this crap does not mix.&nbsp; Even a couple of beers can set me off into a horrible but short lived depression that makes me wish I was dead.&nbsp; In all seriousness I think Manic Depression, medications, and booze are like mixing gun powder and&nbsp;gasoline over a open fire.&nbsp; You just dont do it mix those things together.&nbsp; Then again this is just my opinion for whatever that is worth and I am sure certain people react differently.
Hello&nbsp;,&nbsp; I'm new to chat.&nbsp; Im&nbsp; a 63 yr old female, finally&nbsp; diagnosed with bi polar 11 .&nbsp;This is&nbsp;only my 3rd major time with depression.&nbsp; Dr is giving me both seroquel and lexapro, which&nbsp;I feel might work against eachother.&nbsp; Seroquel is for mania&nbsp; and I think I'm just depressed now with alot of anxiety and what I call obseessive thoughts.&nbsp; Keep thinking the same things over and over. Why i didn't do this,&nbsp; how my feet hurt.&nbsp; 6 wks now feel no better - he upped meds from low doses to 100mg seroquel to 20 lexapro.&nbsp; Has anyone had any luck with these drugs?&nbsp; 
seroquel is &quot;my drug of choice!&quot;  but it does work and work well for some people and not so well for others.  you are still on a very low dose. i now take three 25 mg  3Xday and one 500 mg at night. it helps slow down cycling, calm racing thoughts and just plain give you a break from bouncing up and down. does it gently, not   not sure if seroquel or trazadone helps me sleep better, but one of them does. you might ask about trazadone, as it's a weak antidepressant, but a  great sleeping pill. as far as interactions, you might look up both lexapro and lamictal and look for possible drug interactions. i would also search for  &quot;lexapro, interactions with seroquel&quot; and see what comes up. there's also &quot;ask a patient.com&quot; where patients rate medications and usually give any side effects.   linda
I am on Lexapro and it seems to work for me.&nbsp; I did take paxil, but seemed to sedate me.&nbsp; I was on 20 of lexapro but reduced it myself to 10. I find that I have "brain surges" when I don't take it.&nbsp; Feels like electricity running thru my head. The lexapro works good for me.&nbsp; I still have some bouts with depression or anxiety, but they are controllable.&nbsp; So far I have had more success with this than any other meds.&nbsp; I take ambien at night for sleep and this is the best med in the world.&nbsp; I sleep and when I get up, I am awake......no hangover.&nbsp; 
I'm new to this site.&nbsp; My husband was diagnosed in July.&nbsp; Has been hospitalized two times since then.&nbsp; I had to committ him yesterday to a mental hospital.&nbsp; He has been rapid cycling for 3 weeks. He disappears for many many days and when I finally find him, he is with real bottom feeders (drug dealers, drunks, hookers).&nbsp; His meds have been changed four times now.&nbsp; I don't know if I'm doing the right things to help him.&nbsp; Would someone out there let me hear from you?&nbsp; I'm desparate to talk to someone.
Jallen, my husband is bipolar. I am so sorry for what you are going through.He was dx's 16 years ago. We have been married for a little over 6 years. He has had to be hospitalized one time since we have been together. But I guess he had a hard time and so did his family when he first got sick. Thank God he has a good family. He was a pilot and aviation mech. before he got sick. His parents helped him get on S.S.D. and into a program they have in are comunity.Which is a God send. He was never married before we got married. When he had to go into the hospital it was the worst. Here I am married to the best man ever and not a darn thing I could do to fix him or really help him. I had been married before I think it's a woman thing to make eveything all for those we love and here we are dealing with something only meds.,therapy and a lot of time will make it better. I don't know if your doing the right thing by helping him. What does his DRS. say?Bipolar is an Illness of the mind. It is not something he can help having. With my husband I make sure he takes his meds. after he starts feeling good he decides he should go with out them. I just learned that it gives me peace of mind to give them to him. I learned a long time ago to go with your gut feeling on things. As long as you are in no danger I would be there for him. I am usually on the epilepsy board because I have epilepsy.But my husband and I both check out this board . His name is Scott i'm Mary you can vent to me any time I promise I wont write a book each time. Take care. Things do get better just not as fast as we would like.  Mary
I'm on Seroquel 400&nbsp; mgs XR and 25 mgs IR to take up to 3 times per day as needed for anxiety and OCD. I'm not on Lexapro, but wanted to let you know that Seroquel is working well for me for my anxiety. The reason I know this is that I have tried to lower the XR dose twice and my anxiety has spiked both times. So, yeah, it is used sometimes for anxiety. I hope it helps with yours. Best of luck whether you decide to stay on it or find that another option is better for you. We are all different and what works for one may not work for all.
Hello I just wanted to know if there is anyone like me out there who would like to talk?



YEAH, I LOOK AT FOOD AT TIMES AND IT DISGUSTS ME!YET, I DON'T SEE IT AT ALL...SO, THEREFOR I GET DEFENSIVE CUZ I THINK PEOPLE ARE JUST LYING TO ME.
last week i tripped over a trigger and was in the worst depression i've had in years. spent four days of seeing nothing but darkness thru my tears. felt like i could not and would not take of myself. for the first time, thought of cutting or beating so as to feel physical pain instead of the wretched depression.  hated everything, especially friends who dared to check on me. felt i was bothering everyone. didn't want to take the handfuls of pills every day.  somehow or other, someone made me take them. not sure. just feel nothing's working, plus i'm not worth it. feeling a little better, but always afraid to feel okay. that's when i get hit the worst. want to be like that old simon & garfunkle song... i am a rock, i am an island.
Well I have had this illness my whole life pratically.&nbsp; I was diagnosed with it I guess when I was 6 years old belive it or not.&nbsp; When I was 6 I had a maniac episode and was sent to a hospital for little over a month.&nbsp; I returned twice to that hospital&nbsp;after that and I am now&nbsp;19 years old.&nbsp; So I can honestly say I got the brute force of this thing at a very young age.&nbsp; I have never consisted of this thing that some of you call reality and I am actually failry surprised that some of you want to go back becuase you had it in the first place!&nbsp; I envy those of you who ahve this illness&nbsp;that can actually say that   

 
i have had tle (temporal lobe epilepsy) for about 30 years, brought on by temporal lobe damage from a car accident. about 2 years ago, i went through some very stressful times. as a result of the continued stress, my therapist and psychiatrist both diagnosed me with severe rapid cycle bipolar illness. from what i have read, there are times when epilepsy can become bipolar. there are several good sites out there. i found them by searching for epilepsy and bipolar. it's very scary, but it does happen. meds may get switched around until the right &quot;cocktail&quot; is found.sorry for the belated reply, but i just recently checked back in.  linda

Hi!&nbsp; I am new to posting and everything.&nbsp; I think that this is only my second or third post.&nbsp; Anyway, I don't understand what Biploar really is.&nbsp; I am asking about it because of an "incident" that happened to me about a year ago, now, that in the end resulted in a great friendship.

Randy,AuSs
Randy,AuSsie
Erica,AuSsieG1rL
 &nbsp;
Lamictal is one of the meds I take. It's had worked good for me. 
Yesterday, my friend asked and I did to cut her hair pretty short and to put red and light brown highlights.&nbsp; It, in a way, surprised me with her calling me, asking what I was doing and if I would be interested in cutting and highlighting her hair.&nbsp; Now, once before I did cut her hair but that was only to get the dead ends off and such.&nbsp; However, that was only a couple of weeks ago.

AuSsie G, Hi this is Sheryl, I osted youthis morning on the fibro forum abotu the firbro book, Is this friend here the same friend who has the fibro.  i was kinda nervous to suggest that you check out the bipolar site for her as well.  Did not think the others would agree with it, but it could be a factor too?  Dont know just athought, take care......Sheryl

My husband is Bipolar. I hope all goes well with you. what you wrote really hit home alot. I can really relate to some of your syptoms. Sleeping, working around your schedule.My husband will hear voices and numbers. He is on Social Security Disability. We live in the United States. He is 47yrs. old .Is a former pilot and aviation mech.but the Bipolar effected him so bad that he can no longer do that type of work. When I met him he was already on diability. I don't think I will ever understand the Bipolar But I can and will always love him and be here for him. Good Luck To You Mary
Ron! I know you'll do just fine. You have a good attitude. Take an hour at a time and the haul won't be so long. I have Epilepsy poorly controlled by medication so I have alot of seizures.When I look at the big picture I get depressed at all the seizures I had this week. When I say I went all morning without a seisure I'm not depressed.This is Mary again. Good Luck/////Mary

Randy, I wish when I was 18 my father had cared about me, observed my behavior, learned about my condition and been as all around loving as you are. Bryan is very lucky. I don't have any idea how you can help him, but certainly would advise you to take good care of yourself. You are very special.
Randy, kids can wear us down so much it can be so unbelieveble. My youngest is 25 and can still raise my blood presure sky high and he has a family. When my husband and I got married he lived with us for one and a half years. My son had talked to his brother the Friday before he died. He was getting ready to go out so he kind of blew him off on the phone. Well that Sunday I had to call my son who at that time lived in Mississippi and tell him his big brother died. My dear husband let him live with us. After one and a half years it was time for him to move on. He does have ADHD. But he met his wife they moved back down south then moved back to MI. 2 times they have moved in with us. But we live in a small apartment and and their family is to big now. But you can tell he uses his ADHD as an excuse for every thing that is not right in his life. He did not have the best of fathers but he was a daddys boy. He refuses to get treatment for his ADHD.There When she found her are many places in the county that we live in that he could get treatment for this. Just remember it is you and your wife. And if your son refuses to help himself you can't. Don't let it ruin your marriage.I think it's a womans thing or parent thing to try to fix things for are kids but that can not be done always. It is hard but sometimes you just have to let them go and when the get the help they need welcome them back with loving arms. That is what my husbands mother told me when she was still alive. She was very educated on bipolar.When she found out her son was bipolar she tried to find out every thing about it. She told me when he stopped his meds and would not go to the dr. his father and her would have him leave.I will keep you in my prayers and yor wife and son also.     Mary
hey everyone. my mom is bi-polar but is not taking meds. she refuses to believe she does. she took meds a long time ago and was doing pretty good but then thought that since she was doing good she did not need them anymore. argh! i figured that this is probably common but i'm not positive. i have epilepsy and heard that can trigger bi-polar disorder and since my mom has it, is there a risk that i'm pre-disposed to develope it? i'm not quite sure how thats works, i'm open for any comments. thanks, yellowluna
Hi, I am new to all this I have been living with the father of my 2 1/2 year old for six years.&nbsp; Shortly after entering into this realtionship I realized he had major issues. I belive that he and his six year son may be bi-polor&nbsp;please If you can reply back with symptoms and advice.&nbsp; He is abusive verbally and physically.&nbsp; breaks things, sometimes he is fine others he will not reply when spoken to.&nbsp; He don't think he has a problem. I have tried jail, consuling, and doctors with whom he is not completely honest. I am hoping to find enough resources on the net to show him that he has these symptoms.&nbsp; He can not hold down a job and I am hoping to help my step-son with the same symptoms to lead a close to normal life.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Looking for help in Alabama&nbsp;&nbsp;

 &nbsp;

From what you wrote he definstley sounds bipolar, and yes the symptoms are diffeerent n kids than adults, they cycle rapidly, where they can be happy one second then mad the next.  Most drs do not belive thatbipolar exist in children, but us parents and some doctors know otherwise. there is a good book called The Bipolar Child, definatley worth a read. I think one of the best ones out there on the subject.  Check on the internet fir a local chapter of bipolar inyour area, and give them a call, they call steer you in the right direction, and answer many if your questions, you can attend meetings if you want they are free, or just call the head if the chapter they willl definalty call you back and answer alot of your questions.  Hope this helps, take care....lvoe....sheryl
Does anyone else experience problems with memory. I'm not talking med related. I've had that too, but for as long as I can remember I've had a difficult time remembering things. My childhood is bits and pieces. I can't remember things that I feel are important from a month ago. I write everything down, lists lists and more lists uuuggghhh.~T~
Ok ya'll I gotta nother question. When I was 5 or 6 Many Many moons ago I had rheumatic fever. Could this be the culprit of my woes?? This will be the first  time I mention that together with all these other ailments. So just wondering.~T~
This is the first time I've been on this forum, but when I saw memory loss I just had to join!Barbara
barbs--what memory indeed! know exactly what you mean. somewhere i will find a bunch of little sticknotes with lists for doctor or for me to do. btw... just panicked because i forgot how to post a reply!!
Hi,
Hi Count66,

Hi Feeltherhythm&nbsp; I suffer from what you described in your comments.&nbsp; Mine starts about 3.00 pm and&nbsp;lasts till it's dark.&nbsp;I'm fine and happy during the day, then wham! it hits me every afternoon, especially in autumn. I've had a&nbsp;sunshine simulator sent over from the US, but&nbsp;that hasn't made too much difference.&nbsp; I'm glad I'm not the only one - nobody seems to know what I'm talking about if I try to describe these feelings. Honeysocks&nbsp;

Hello! Final I known that I'm not the only1 who upset when afternoon come!All of your post are more ten years ago I don't know you still feel like this or not, but I can know that u used to had this experience like me. I always feel blue when I see the sunshine around 2pm until dark. It's really make me want to cry.....
I'm newly diagnosed bipolar.&nbsp; It's actually a relief.&nbsp; I have hknown I was for awhile but fought wrough DX with bad docs for yrs.&nbsp; Anys now I'm ona mix of lamictal, abilify, effexor, and topamax.&nbsp; Plem is I have shap rise in heart rate upon rising and doing small tasks and much rest frequently during light housework or similar activity.&nbsp; Will this go away as meds stabilize or is it permanent side effect?&nbsp; I can barely do anything let alone take care of my 1 and 3 yrs old children.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm scared I will push myself too hard and pass out .
Amanda,I am bipolar.I was dx 16 years ago. My name is Scott. I am unable to work because of it . I worked as a pilot and aviation mech. I have been on many meds. sometimes it is hard to tell the syptoms from the side effects. Sleep is very important. I never had children.So I can't give advice there.I have been married for6 years. Some of the meds. I have found to stabilize. Right now get adjusted to your meds. House work can wait. Just take care of your kids. I find taking some deep breaths and if i'mlaying orsitting to get up slowly.you may even find that your meds. are not right for you.Don't be afraid to tell your Dr. Some meds        just were not right for me . And at different times I needed different meds. it just all depends .Keep me posted you will find this sight very helpful. People can really understand you. they have been there.  Scott
I have gained 30 lbs. since I was put on Abilify....boo hoo.But still shopping kind of sucks when I'm fat...oh well.
Tell me about
during the past 6 months since i posted about rapid cycling, i feel like i have been bouncing from purgatory and back, with good ol' Job as my poster saint. have had a knock down, drag out go 'round about state/county benefits not to mention ss. got down to barely enough to eat on in checking account.  got to hate feeling even half-way okay because i knew a big fall was coming. started physically falling down which got my neurologist pumped up to take all kinds of looks at my tired brain. sigh.one thing that keeps me going is the wonderful sharing i received from my other post. just knowing people are out there to talk with.                                                   linda
Gosh I'm so glad the holidays are over for us!!! So much stress and it always seems to become a mad house here. I always plan out this nice slow paced day but it always seems to end up all crazy and stuff lol  We celebrated Christmas on Christmas Eve that way I can take down the tree in order to seperate that from my daughter's birthday, which is today! Gosh my baby is 17!
This is my first time posting on any site, so here goes I am 35 years old I have been divorced for 6 years.  My ex was very abusive my daughter was 2 months early as a result.  I stayed with him for 6 years after her birth .  We then bought a bar and our marriage went down from there.  Imagine that.  Anyway over the course of the last 7 years I have been on zoloft ,paxil. many other drugs to help sleep,cope with the threats he always threw at me.  Now I have not heard form him in a year THANK GOD but my meds have had a lot to do with how I deal.  I am also a Hospice nurse which does not help depressed people at all.  But does take my mind off of reality I guess.  This last year has been the worse I have 2 blown disk and many other back problems due to my job and lifting patients.  Due to that I am on medical leave per company orders.  I see work Dr's often to resolve this problem.  Six months ago I decided to go off of my meds.  Prozac and Xanax cold turkey NOT a good idea by the way.  I have lost my home my ability to take care of my daughter and myself due to my medical leave.  Whhen I went off my meds I ended up in the hospital for seizures due to going off of them.  Now I am back on them and feel no better.  My ieal day would be just to fade away or sleep I know this is terrible but I have lost my self along the way.  My Dr. tells me I am bipolar and I just don't know how to cope or even how to live.  I live with a boyfriend who doesn't understand he wants to throw my meds. away stating I don't them.  I would not live here if I could work and take care of myself and my daughter he helps none.  He acts like I am here to serve him which makes my mood swings worse.  Please tell me where to turn.
Hello I'm Brad - new here,
Excellent post Brad! It's funny when tellin something it becomes misconstrude when you're unable to explain yourself.  So glad things are pretty good for you, that's just awesome. I hear the mania is the best part (in many ways) of this disorder. So it sounds like ya got the best of this world lol  

Can I ? Should I? Will I feel better or worse? critiquing my decisions and choices? Will it help me or help others? Can I? Will I? Should I?
LOL Brad, well thank ya very much. Once I was somewhat talented, but that talent along with other things has faded away  
Well thank you Catlady!! I truly appreciate it! I write sometimes, I especially write short stories but have stopped doing that as well. Maybe one day I'll be able to sit down and write a book lmao. Always thought my lifestory would make a good one  
I have just gotta get off this roller-coaster and take hold of my life if i can living with this damm thing called Bipolor.The doctor's told 2 years ago that i was BP but thats all they told me put me on a bunch of meds. and sent me home.Now that i got this computer this year I could find out what BP was. When i first opened a site I looked and laughed out loud I thought oh my god they are talking about me.In the past month it's been really bad,i've pushed my husband away because he couldn't handle me anymore he has left me and moved out of town,my 3 kids say all i do is yell all the time,i've lost my job,but in the mean time i found a new spot were no one knows me's at the local pub,i feel like someone there.They want me 2 fill in a bunch of paper's for ODSP I just don't know how to tell someone what i go through each day, just to keep my head on straight and not spinning off.No one in my family understands they just say i'm feeling sorry for my self. Is there any one who can help!   
Hey,jill
My husband and I started a website called http://www.moodtracker.com   I have bipolar disorder and have been using the site to track my moods.  I am finding it very useful to have graphs of my mood, sleep, and medication.  There is an email or text messaging alert system in place that I use to remind me to enter my mood information.  I hope you find this helpful.

Catlady,That would be great!!  We want everyone to use and know about it.
   
I just wanted to give a link to a site that is excellent at going through&nbsp;bipolar II for the patient as well as the practitioner.&nbsp; It was made&nbsp;by Dr. James Phelps.&nbsp; 
Hi Dana,  
Dana . . . this was her counselor!! and my son is worried about her.  I agree . . . this has gone on too long.  This gal is bright!! she goes to school and works at a nursing home.  But it is not in her nature to sleep so long so often.  Not sure how to help . . . or if I should just stay out of it.  (I need to remind myself to mind my own business sometimes.)
Does anyone know what bipolar would look like in an autistic child?
Hi guys,WIlliam
mine are what i have termed 'rapid-cycling'.&nbsp;1 dream is actually 6. they all flow into the next, and the intensity up, and ups, eventually i force myself awake in a bad state. it use to be every night, not every night now, glad they are easing, albeit i do very much understand. here 4 ya, jamie.
I had the same thing on starting Lamictal, but it does go away fairly soon.CAD
Hello McDoodle, Chronic Pain - Cervical Kyphosis, Cervical Spondylosis, Thoracic Scoliosis.

Hello Keldew,

Hi Kelly,
I am new to this community and am hoping to find some help.  My mom and my stepdad both suffer from Bipolar Disorder, but refuse to take any medication for it.  I am at my wits end with my mom especially.  She is so negative about life it is scary and it just gets worse with each passing year.  She hasn't worked in years, which is weird to me, she used to be so much stronger.  She is super paranoid - even got rid of her microwave recently because she believes it can cause cancer.  She forgets things all the time, like whole conversations or arguments we have had.  She lives in the middle of nowhere, with no friends, which I think makes things worse.  She rarely leaves the house and has little motivation to do anything to make herself happy anymore.  Both her and my stepdad can't manage money, they have lost everything, and ended up moving onto my grandma's land.  My stepdad is even worse, you never know what he is thinking.  He is the type to keep his depression bottled up inside untill he runs off.  He has disappeared two or three times now. I never know if I can trust him when he comes back.  His manic stages are the weirdest, one time he rearranged our furniture three times in two days.  I used to live with them until I was 16 and couldn't take it anymore, then I moved in with my Dad.  Now that I have a daughter, I want more than ever to get along with them, but it is so hard.   I just don't know what to do.  I really worry about my mom, but don't want to make her mad at me.  Does anyone have any advice?




Hi, Kildew!&nbsp; I have fought and denied this disorder most of my life, after losing everything including the ability to work without being in the&nbsp;hospital constantly becuase I couln't handle the stress&nbsp;but my wonderful and dedicated husband, I decided it was about time to get fixed.&nbsp; I thought I could handle the mania, but it turned to psychosis too often and finally my husband after 10 years of it said either I had to listen to my doc and get stable or he couldn't stay.&nbsp; Well, I love him more than life and couldn't lose him, so I did.&nbsp; It was hell crashing from my permanent mania and fell into a paralyzing depression that left me unable to even take a shower most days, let alone getting out of bed.&nbsp; Can't take SSRIs, so only choice was Welbutrin 400 mg a day which did S***   But this time I had to get through it.&nbsp; I was put on Zyprexa and Depakote and gained 60 pounds (I'm 5'9" and weighed 103 pounds due to severe mania).&nbsp; Still, I was mortified at the weight gain (very vain! LOL)
Hi , iv just joined the site and there are loads of helpful ideas here, thank you. my boyfriend is bipolar he is undiagnosed but told me early in the relationship that he was. He was very loving and caring at first and hid away when his depression hit. Slowly he let me see this and then I witnessed what appeared to be a hypomanic phase or a manic phase. He seems to rapid cycle , aggressive verbally, picking fights, putting me down, then sometimes up to euphoric and often delusional in his thinking. After experiencing the high side when we were on holiday I knew I had to educate myself so I read and read and found people on line to give me information. 
Polly, taking Lamictal if he doesn't want to go to a pdoc.....

keldew.......I am from the crohns forum but I do know what you mean about not sleeping ....sometimes i will lay there and watch my hubby sleeping so peacefully that i just have to pull on his mustache or tickle his face (not enough to wake him) just enough to irritate him ......HOW DARE HE SLEEP  lol..........The best med i have found for sleeping is trazadone it is not a narcotic but i tell you it really works ...it stops your mind from going aroung in circles and you (I) get a good 6 to 8 hrs sleep on it .I take it about half hour before i go to bed have a hot milk and cuddle on the hubbys chest and its lights out for me.Sometimes if I am too overamped it takes a little longer to work but it will eventually.It seems like you have a lot to deal with hun......can you not go with him to his moms and maybe share that with him?Friends are hard to keep once they know you are ill no matter what the illness is ..at least that is my finding.....I think that tea would make it harder to sleep at night as well I know it would for me ,are you able to stomache hot milk? It has a natural ingredient in it that activates when heated and you can feel the calmness wash over you as you are drinking it .......you could add just a touch of hot chocolate to it for taste or cinnamon on the top .....just a suggestion.................As for your other problem could she move closer to yous or would that cause to many problems ........How long have you been living like this .you shouldnt feel that it is a privy to have your partner at home thats where he should be .............but I take my hat off to him for looking out for his mom ........but in all honesty he should be there for you as well........If you need to talk I have all my info on here and will gladly be here for you ...........I hope I have been some help hun .....you take care and GOD BLESS
keldew.......am glad I could help out a bit ......this must really be heartwrenching for you with the position your in and for him as well ..........someday you are going to have to meet her and then youll probably end up being the best of friends ....right now he is her only link to her dead hubby and she is holding him close to her but ya know I bet she could really use a woman to talk to .I know that when my first hubby died in 1979 i was lost just held on to my 2 boys and cried all the time or was at his grave every day sometimes all day long.........my mom and I had the best relationship at that time,she knew tht I needed her to help me thru.Is there peeps that his mom could have come over and spend time with her and give yous a break.This must be very difficult on your relationship and on you personally .......it isnt good to always feel alone .........like I said if you need to talk i am here and you can email me or my aol im is up so please dont hesitate and dont be a stranger ok .................my thoughts and prayers are with you ...........GOD BLESS and KEEP YOU COMFORTED
Lyn,Anyway, thanks again for your support and understanding.
my mother is bipolar and know i am afraid that i am suffering from the same. i am aware that not because she is means that i have to be but there are times when i barely sleep and have tons of energy and exercise two to three times a day and still have energy to keep going, and everything great kind of like a high but then there are days when i cant even get out of bed and ive been like this all through my adolescene and know adulthood. i m afraid and worried because my husband is starting to get worried because hes noticed wants to help and understand but dosnt know how. i have been treated for depression and anxiety before. ive also suffered from bulimia for several years then anorexia. i dont know what to do. 
Dana,tuna
I just wanted to say hello. 
Hello Loo,
hello my name is amanda and i have a ? i have a problem i am bipoler and have panic attackes and i have black outs as i call them they happen when i am very stressed or in a new place or a place with a lot of people i dont pass out but i forget&nbsp;who i am and were i am it only last for about 3 sec but the after felling can last for hours to days it feels like i am dead and i am watching my self and when i talk i am not really saying to words i know this sound sterage my doc said they are dissociative episodes that is a symptom of bipoler and panic dis but there is disorder call dipersonalistion disorder if anyone know about this disorder one has the dissocative episodes please reply becaues i dont understand what is going on and i cant deal with in anymore i feel like i am going crazy and i am the only one please help
&nbsp; hello to you&nbsp; i jusst had a similar experience when a friend was yelling at me and accusing me of needing a med change.&nbsp; well this is a long story but my thought brought me back to my childhood,&nbsp; since i was sexually abused i blacked out and disassociated and i haven't had that feeling in a long time.&nbsp; i guess stress will do that. i have dealt&nbsp; with all this but the situation brought it on. sometimes things deep in our minds pop out when we least expect.&nbsp; i hope you have people to support you when this is going on.. look for them
I have been bipolar (type&nbsp;I)&nbsp;as long as I can remember, about 25 years.&nbsp; I finally met the man of my dreams about 12 years ago - it was love at first sight for both of us!&nbsp; He has stuck by my refusal to get stabilized, (of course enjoying my mania) and making him mostly miserable, but with&nbsp;intermittent periods of extreme love and happiness.&nbsp; I finally agreed to get stable last year and went through hell (in bed for 2 months after crash), but agreed to tough it out becuase he had finally said he couldn't stay if I didn't get on meds.
Hi psychnurse,

You are not not rambling, I understand your situation.  But at the same time that stress is not healthy, being so dependent on someone to the point that you would kill yourself if that person died in not healty either.  


today i called the child psychologist and had her put on the cancellation list....we also went and seen he regular doctor and this woman looked at me like i was nuts...so i'm going to barrow a video camera, i have a voice recorder and type up daily sheets stating activities, what she eats,drinks, what if anything triggers her rages.....and i am going to continue to gather as much info as possible. im hoping that the child psycoligist she is going to see doesn't think i'm nuts as well. my soon to be ex husband now 25 has been dealing with this monster since he was 5-6 yrs old just not medicated until a year ago....unfortunatly he wont stick to his meds or daily rotine, is very depressed, hurts himself, belives that coke works better that abilify, and i finally had to leave for the sake of my children. my mother is bipolar and turn to alcohol, if my 3yr old is i hope i can help herself manage this without dringing or doing drugs in the future also i want another child in the future but will not have anymore for fear she will hurt and infant severly...but im only 21 so i guess i still have time........everyone thanxs for listening,..... Christine11584
&nbsp;
Hi Atty,
Hi, atty, I know just how awful the depression is, my pdoc put me on lamictal and it's great.&nbsp; You have to start slowly, tho, to get therapeutic, it does take some time, but works wonderfully. IMO better than antidepressants and with non of the side effects.
Until I found this site I didn't even realize there were classifications of bipolar illness.&nbsp; I guess I didn't look very hard.&nbsp; Fourteen years ago I was diagnosed bipolar.&nbsp; From what I knew of the illness at the time I believed that the manic phase was characterized by a loss of touch with reality.&nbsp; The Dr ,in my opinion,severely overmedicated me.&nbsp; Three months later I was convinced I was truely losing my mind, So I flushed the lot of the meds.&nbsp; Once all the drugs were out of my system I found that the depression and anxiety had passed and I was back to my normal self.&nbsp; At least as normal as I get.&nbsp; Over the years I've had recurrent moderate to severe depressions but the up end of the spectrum has always been fairly controlled.&nbsp; Lots of energy with little sleep, reduced appetite etc.&nbsp; the norm.I've never really lost control.&nbsp; I truely believed the doctor had misdiagnosed me until today.&nbsp; Now I"m not so sure.&nbsp; Currently I'm dealing with a big black depression .&nbsp; After all the drugs they put me on the last time I dealt with a Dr. how can I deal with this on my own?&nbsp; I don't think I can trust another Dr.&nbsp; I can't really pile all of this on my family.&nbsp; I feel so isolated and alone right now.
Thanks much for the info.  The site is very informative and cleared much of my confusion.  As for meds the only antidepressant I ever had any success with was imipramine and that made me bounce so high I  od'd (accidently) on alcohol one night just trying to sleep. They couldn't hit me with enough tranqs to get any rest.  I went days without sleeping at all.  Even that might be better than this blasted darkness. Thanks again
Thanks for the reply.  I'm wondering if there is something that can be done without drugs?  I'm still breastfeeding my one year old and I know as soon as I go in for treatment they'll insist I stop so I can be medicated.  Also If I make an insurance claim my husband will know.  We've been separated for two years and are just beginning to patch things up again.  He's aware I've had problems in the past but he knows nothing about any current difficulties apart from my depressions.  I think my manic side is all he's ever known.  I hear so much about the &quot;normal&quot; periods between the extremes in the spectrum but I don't believe that applies to me.  It seems to go one way or the other.  Not necessarily to the same degree each time but never really normal.  I don't know if I know the real me.  This began in my early teens, and I haven't seen my teens in more than two decades.                                                                                              In truth I think I'm also afraid to lose my mania.  What if my whole life is just one long depression.  How many people go in the the Dr and say  &quot;Gee, I'm feeling really happy can you fix this for me?&quot;  I think I need it.  And now I know I'm rambling.  Sorry, I may be bouncing back.  Either that or alot of anxiety.  Hours of pacing yesterday evening and a whopping 90 minutes sleep last night.
I think I'm frozen with fear.  The doc last time nearly killed me with drugs.  I remember when I was hospitalized the last time hearing one nurse ask the other which of my list of meds i was currently on and her disbelief when the response was all of them.  Everytime I experienced a side effect he called it a symptom and added another drug.  I can't live like that again.  And you are right, sometimes its like beautiful symphony's playing in my head.  But I can't make out the notes because its fifty all going at the same time.  I've had alot of people think I do coke and I've never even seen the stuff.  I know I need help or I wouldn't be here.  It's just dredging up the nerve to reach for it that poses the problem.  Thanks for a strong dose of truth psychnurse
The mania was very mild at first when I was very young.  almost unnoticable, the older i get, (and thats happening faster all the time) the more pronounced it becomes.  Some of the bad aspects you described sounded more like you were describing me.  Maybe this is more serious than I can see myself.  Sometimes I wish I'd just dive over the edge into complete madness so I wouldn't care anymore.  I was diagnosed 15 years ago and have been drug free for 14.  It was such a terrible time in my life.  I just hate to give someone enough power to do that to me again.  I HATE lithium and Major Tranqs.  The  latter give me horrible anxiety attacks.  I always thought thats what they were supposed to prevent.
Im 41.  I have grandchildren older than some of my children.  In fact I have a grandson and son that will both be starting kindergarten this year,  Also three others still at home.  I'm afraid that perhaps this is unraveling this time.  It's crazy how much faster and harder I bounce now.  A year ago it was a more gradual change. Now I go from being nearly suicidally depressed to climbing the walls in the same day.  All new.  So keyed up.  Sometimes a single drink in the evening keeps me from yelling at everyone.  Hellps me to be able to sit down for a few minutes but I'm nursing my youngest and try not to make a habit of it.  Now shes on amoxil and I'm afraid if I have even one it might interact with her antibiotic and make her sick.  Lately I've also been able to direct it less.  Less cleaning and more pacing with no direction.  Feeling like i might sit down in the corner and cover my ears and scream and never stop  Until today I had never put all these pieces together.  I mean I knew it was all there of course but this is the first time I've ever stood back and taken a look at the whole picture.  I don't know If im happy about that or not.  I need to deal with this before it affects my children more than it already has.  Also is this genetic?  It seems most of my family has been diagnosed BP.
Making an appoint with my GP today.  Have to do that in order to get a referral.  I did have to mention it to my husband in order to get the ins. cards.  He carries it through his place of employment and I needed to know how much is covered etc.  His human resourse dept would have told him anyway when it went through for approval.  Not particularly supportive but not unsupportive either.  JUst a shrug and an offer to watch the kids so I could go.  I guess thats something.  I don't really have any friends, I keep myself pretty isolated.  I used to like it that way.  Hard when you need a sitter though.  Thanks much,  guess I needed a push in the right direction.  You're right got to take care of this if for no other reason than for the lack of sleep.  I went three days without once and starting seeing wierd stuff.  Scary.
Not denial, dragging my feet a little perhaps.  Not too much though, Yesterday was VERY bad.  I'm not looking for many more days like that.  I won't make it and I know it.  No numbers on the ins card though just a website that won't let me on without a blasted password that I have to get from my hubby.  Great.  And yes, I was hoping it could be all thyroid.  So much for that.  Most of my hesitation stems from the last episode.  Those days were so dark.  Six months of a depression so deep that I couldn't get out of bed to send my kids to school.  My ex screaming at me that i was trying to ruin his life, and slapping me around when I refused to take all the meds the idiot DR. was trying to kill me with.  He is an ex-husband now and this current one is the gentlest man I've ever met.  So thats not my worry.  I just can't help but wonder if the disorder sent me spinning off into the darkness or the drugs.  I was originally seen for a mod. dep. and then everything went to s*** very fast.  Shortly before I refused meds I couldn't have told someone what state I lived in.  Couldn't find my way into the house from the mailbox and going outside felt like the sky was going to cave in on me.  And when I stopped all meds two weeks later I was normal.  Okay, not normal but as close as I get.  Dramaticly improved.  Even the DR. looked shocked when I walked in with my head up and met his eyes for the first time since he'd started seeing me.  This time can be different though.  I'm not walking into it blindly trusting the Dr to know whats right for me EVERY time.  Plus I've discovered alot of support here.  I don't feel so alone this time.
What are SSRI's?
What on earth do I do if I crash like that again.  I have kids and my husband and I aren't currently living together.
Not an option.  I'm going to have to be very careful about meds and how far I let myself drop.  My oldest daughter at home is 13 and is able to help some but shes still a little girl and I can't in all fairness put too much on her.  My kids ARE my life.  Maybe a good Dr. can make sure the fall isn't too extreme?
Ellie, did you see your GP the other day? How did it go? How are you??



Ranman, I wish you the best of luck - please let us know what happens!  
Ran man, I'm glad my story was of some help(how someone else going through hell can be comforting is amazing isn't it?haha)But you know part of our agony (I keep using that word because it sort of describes it, but still is too tame to convey the full range of feelings that go with NOT being able to help a loved one)is that we start to feel alienated because no one DOES understand.Yesterday I was about as low as I'd been in years, because I have already experienced that sick feeling in the pit of my stomach with him being on the streets.And it hit me that he will probably be back there again in a couple months.So I was clawing my own way out of a depression, and then I see what the affect is on my younger son.( he wants to just go "kick his ass"in his words, but more violence is NOT the answer, and besides the younger one could go to jail for beating up the older one!!LORD, HELP ME!!!haha)And the thing is my younger son loves his brother, but wants to shake him out of it, which is not possible.Everyone in the family sees the effect his behavior has had on us all(their dad is also bipolar,I believe,&nbsp;but some MAJOR denial there)except the ones with the major personality problems.All part of the disease?I know I am not perfect and we all have moods, but these disorders are not logical.There just is NO sitting and discussing a difference with them.Like a blank stare folds over their faces, or that all consuming rage.In my marriage we all witnessed my ex throw a recliner across the room.(the genetic link is being proven with these, I think.)But sorry, your original question was how he's doing now.Remains to be seen, I suppose.As of yesterday I left him at his place with the task of cleaning it up (is your son messy to the point of disgusting?Mine is willing to live in filth.Even with no job and time to do it all)I refuse to go in there and clean it up for him.His younger brother helped him clean up the pigsty he left from the other apartment..poor kid was only 16 or so then..younger one, I mean)Seems someone is always supposed to 'rescue' them.And when I drop the hammer on "do it" there's always that response of "I can't stand this!I wish I could die...I'll have to go to the hospital, if you don't leave me alone"And there's countless times I've left him in a state like that, and worried that he would kill himself(now back to the guilt factor)So you see "how he's doing "is a daily question.I think we'd be wise to keep ourselves always knowing we can only do so much, then the rest is up to the 'man upstairs'Well it ALL is, I guess, but as parents we were given these children to guide to adulthood, but what if they want to remain as children (and isn't all this temper tantrum stuff like children gone wild???)forever?When he was 5, I would hand lead him to what needed to be done. Not possible at 25.And as I get older, I realize it's not fair for ME to have to endlessly labor cleaning up his messes.Some of the best advice I got from a therapist years ago was"you might as well TRY and enjoy your life because he is not going to help you enjoy it"I thought it was cold advice at the time, but it is more and more true as time goes on.And as we have all heard, 'you can't help anyone if you don't take care of yourself first'....so hopefully this isn't too much of a downer.We have a LONG journey ahead of us dealing with this mental health issue.Keep yourself on track daily.You and your wife should get away and do fun things(what's going to happen with him will happen either way!)Take care.......and pray, pray pray.......
Just wondering if anyone knows if any drugs commonly used to treat bp are compatible with breastfeeding.&nbsp; My goal was for another five months.
Thank you
No problem,  actually i consult his website fairly often and could purchase the book.  Should have done it a long time ago.  Thank you so much .
I just had extensive test done for epilepsy. I was videoed and monitored for 48hrs at a hospital, were I had 6 seizures....... I have had test, been on meds, and diagnosed for 15 yrs with having epilepsy.
I am in the process of being diagnosed with this disease, I see docters on tuesday and wed.
Michelle,


well yeah my psychologist is trying me on many differnet things. I have impulsive and compulsive times and when i go manic i never ermember what happens to me. The meds definatly only work for when i am depressed and not when i am manic which my bf labels me as crazy, but the thing is he has a chronic illness to but his is more like physical than mine. I don't know its hard to keep anythign steady in my life and when im in my plateau im happy to be with him but i go manic and i wanna like fling him across the room. sometimes he doesnt get it, and just like my doctors doesnt understand anythign i say, its so frustrating. Not only am i bipolar but im being tested for Crohns and Celiacs disease soo its a heart breaking time for me. All i need is support and he walks out on me when i am manic and that doesnt help me at all. bo

currently im on zoloft and they want me on Lexapro but i have heard such horrible things that i don't wanna take it. I have hard enough time remembering to take zoloft and when im manic i skip it all together becuase it does nothing for me. Alot of my depression has to do with teh fact that im obsessed about how i look and now with the weight gain and a doctor who speaks no english its hard to express anything to her. It is ridiculous to get someone to listen to me, and the only people who do are the people who are with me when i swing. Needless to say this is completely disrupting my life, and its horribly frustrating to not be able to explain to my boyfriend what is wrong and why he can't cure me. I have an appt on monday to decide on something new but who knows what they will give me, i wanna have a normal sex life and relationship with my boyfriend and i can't if i don't feel the urge for sex. Its frustrating

Hi I understand I just did the same thing with my new BF but my was more on the self sucking mode.  I ended up  moving out.  It was all over a med change and insurance with there thumbs in other places.  But now I feel even worse than I did when this all started and I just am really glad to find a place to just post my feelings and thoughts.

Lithium is known for weight gain, although not as much as depakote or zyprexa.&nbsp; Seroquel is pretty harmless.&nbsp; Lexapro may or may not.&nbsp; It's not really a guilty one.


I ask for everyone out there&nbsp;to help me. My brother has suffered with a bi-polar disorder for over 15 years and also suffers from alcoholism, drug and gambeling disorder as well as severe anxiety. Alll my siblings and parents have some sort of mental illness (I have an axiety disorder which is effectively treated with Lexapro).&nbsp; My brother has experienced a severe back injury on the job and already has had three back surgeries.
First of all, I am so sorry you are going through this, you are not alone. 
Lizzo, Yes I agree that these are symptoms that are 'normal' to bipolar. As the mom of a 25 year old bipolar son I have witnessed some of these things. They CAN go from sweet and loving to maniacal in seconds if crossed.There is a fine line  that it takes to get them 'crossed' in my experience.Mine behaves as a 5 year old who is being refused a treat before dinner, only magnified of course. I agree with psychnurse that you must give him an ultimatum.You and your children's safety may depend on it.I have since divorced, (yes, our son and the stress of him was partly to blame)but when my bipolar son, my younger son, and my ex were all in the same house, we locked bedroom doors because we did not trust him!His dad especially was nervous, because the aggression would be directed towards him(my ex I believe has bipolar, too, and temper issues were always there, too)....I know and ultimatum seems extreme, but we have to remember bipolar sufferers don't have the same logic, reason, conscience as we who don't have it.And it is very draining dealing with the worry.I go to my son's apartment(which by the way has done $2,000 damage to and is going to be evicted in a month and a half)every time wondering what I am going to find. I mean as far as &quot;is he still alive??&quot;The stress is ENORMOUS, to say the least.And it affects my younger son who is 18, to see the way he is, and be powerless, to change him.I feel like we normal (and what is THAT exactly???haha)ones need a week of checking into a hospital for rest!And with all your family has been through, I know you can relate to that!For daily survival, I find the serenity prayer helpful, because we can only do so much.Beyond that, it isn't up to us.Do something( totally unrelated to your brother)fun for you and your kids, cause if you don't take care of yourself first, you will run out of steam!And keep posting here..I found this site and find it helpful to unload and know we're not alone..Take care.....



Psychnurse, My hat's off to you for the courage to give your view from the inside!That HAS to be tough, but only proof that there is hope for those who have it!All the things you and Liz describe I can relate to with my son.No, bipolar does not mean retarded by any means............The genetic part is true, too, My son's dad has it, I believe, but will not get help for it.The entire family has it to some degree I believe, because when I first started dating my son's dad,&nbsp;(we are since divorced)it was a constant circus of arguing and fists flying!A large family of 4 boys and 2 girls and never a peaceful moment.But Liz, you have to be tough (That's why they call it "tough love!")and demand his taking the meds.If psychnurse can be as logical and coherent as she is to us here on meds, there's hope.You have already been down such a tough road already.......WHEW!Suicides are one of the worse nightmares we have!I know when I'm arguing with my son, and he gets like"I can't take this!I'm going to have to go to the hospital!!!"I used to have a stomach lurching fear, and still do. But the difference is I have to say to myself"STOP!manipulation!"Because in all honesty, we can't stop them, if that's what's meant to happen.We can only do so much.And we do have other people in our lives that need us.My 18 year old son shows the strain of it.It's like a hidden worry, I guess you'd call it.
Hi, all!&nbsp; I hope you are doing well today.&nbsp; I'm really not, just need to whine, if you don't mind.&nbsp; It's dismal outside, and I feel like I'm in a fog, sleepy, can't get motivated.    &nbsp;&nbsp;It's impossible to sleep in the daytime no matter how tired I get - mind races anyway.&nbsp; I have always had mixed states and it doesn't always disappear, even on meds.&nbsp; I need to do housework, shopping, excercise (didn't yesterday!) and can't seem to make myself.&nbsp; I feel so guilty.&nbsp; Usually I feel good, do lots of things every day, I hate it when these days happen.&nbsp; 
Just added a subject to your post. :)Peter Waite, Founder/Editor
Hi Shannon,

psychnurse,Well, at least you got SOME things done!I don't suffer from bipolar, but have a son who does, and even though we don't live in the same place the strain is there.Well, I must say it isn't ALL his fault(MY being tired, etc....)I think life in general for all of us is so stressful that we all need a kick in the butt at times to get motivated!I have a tendency towards depression, and the fatigue from that can be unbelievable!Feet feel stuck in mud!haha...so hang on, your next swing will come around(just don't swing too high!haha)take care........

Hey everyone!!-Tara.
&nbsp;I'm wondering if anyone else has had such a sudden dramatic change (for the better I think) in mood.&nbsp; Or lack of mood&nbsp;I guess.&nbsp; After an absolutely horrible weekend, so awful that I had my first cigarette in 3 years, I woke up monday morning calm.&nbsp; I mean CALM.&nbsp; No anxiety, fear, pain but no real happiness or good feelings either.&nbsp; Now I've had episodes where I felt I had taken a step back from the world and watched from a distance before, but this is not the same.&nbsp; It's like a wall has come down between me and the world.&nbsp; I can fully function.&nbsp; Better than I have since the depression rocked my world in late Jan in fact.&nbsp; The house is cleaner than it's&nbsp;been in months.&nbsp; Laundry is caught up.&nbsp; Abounding in energy, but this doesn't feel&nbsp;like a manic phase.&nbsp; There is no emotion involved here at all.&nbsp; I feel like a blank slate.&nbsp; Like nothing is really important. Mechanical.
Hi, Ellie!&nbsp; I am so glad you are feeling better.&nbsp; The only thing I would watch out for is this can be a sign of mania coming on.&nbsp; Lots of energy, low appetite etc.&nbsp; It can come on very suddenly after a depression, even just a few days of depression.&nbsp; This time of year is the absolute worst for BPs for mood swings.&nbsp; Up AND down.&nbsp; Keep a mood chart - you would probably be very surprised at how it's fluctuating, even on meds.&nbsp; This time of year is the most common time to become manic.&nbsp; I know you feel good, but it can spiral up or down very quickly.&nbsp; And every time you come up, you have to come down.&nbsp; Keep in very close contact with your doc.&nbsp; Wait, did you even go?&nbsp; I recall trying to talk you into it before, and asked if you had but didn't hear back.&nbsp; Did you?&nbsp; What meds are you on?
I can't get in until may 2.&nbsp; Being careful until then though. thanks
Just sharing some nice and inspirational quotes with you Chronic Pain - Cervical Kyphosis, Cervical Spondylosis, Thoracic Scoliosis.
What you hear is an opinion not a fact.Please don't judge me because I am bipolar
UA: The world is full of people who need someone who understands.
Had my appointment today.  I will be starting Latuda tonight at a low dose, 20 mg.  Because of my medicine sensitivity, my doctor wants me to take the Latuda on an empty stomach, not with food, to start.  Makes sense based on how Latuda works.  Lithium got me through the week, but I am starting to feel its dehydrating effects, despite increasing my fluid intake significantly.  The depression I got from being on Depakote has diminished quite a bit, and the lithium has picked me up some.  Again, trying to be hopeful with this, so I hope Latuda will be something that will help me without any major side effects I can't tolerate.  - Taygeta
My daughter was on Latuda after Abilify and Seroquel made her feel like a zombie.  It worked really well fro several months but she had to side effects. One was breast lactation from increased prolactin  and fatigue.  She felt Latuda was working so well she was actually willing to put up with the breast lactation(which is not reported as a side effect yet, but was reported by our doctor. She only experienced it on latuda).  But later on we felt that the fatigue might be attributed to the latuda so we switched her to Vraylar which is working well with no fatigue or prolactin issues so far.  She has been on it two months.. But she and I thought Latuda was a great drug if you are not experiencing significant side effects.
i am feeling hopeless and helpless. i've been working temporary jobs since moving to a new city this past winter. it's been a good way to stay employed, without letting people find out how crazy depressed i am. i think i may have really messed up this time. when i do things, in the moment, i think they're rational. i think on some level i know they're not. i don't know. lamictal didn't work for me. everything makes me nervous, guilty, suicidal. i haven't brushed my teeth or showered in days. and i don't care. the temp agency called me and left a 'just wanted to follow up' voicemail. i don't want to call them back, because i can't be rejected again. i can't. i need to stop crying. i need to eat. but i can't make myself do anything.
Hi Everyone, 
Flu is still hovering around me,hope to get over it soon.Cilly
 


 Chronic Pain - Cervical Kyphosis, Cervical Spondylosis, Thoracic Scoliosis.
hey to anyone who reads this thread. & Thank you- Chris x
Since my diagnosis and the meds that the psyc. has me on, I find I am cold all the time. I shiver so much. Does this happen to anyone else?
I have had a diagnosis of depression and anxiety since around 1998.  I started off on one medication at a very low dose.  Over the years the dosages have increased, the medications have changed and for approximately 3 years I've been taking two medications instead of just one. Thanks in advance!
I had been in a relationship for 2 and a half years, but I was not happy towards the end, and he could tell. I tried so hard to be happy and it killed me that it wasn't going to happen.   I thought about
I have been struggling with Bipolar for years but finally found the right med combo to get stable so I returned to school this fall. Well now I'm majorly depressed and can barely get out of bed. I don't know if I should take time off or what. On top of that I have to meet with my advisor tomorrow and I'm gonna have to disclose my diagnosis. I'm scared she's gonna try to talk me into changing my major. I'm going for my associates in human services to get a job in like social work or something. Am I delusional to even consider that line of work? Any advice will be appreciated!
hi, i'm new to this whole forum thing. thanks guys for reading if you are! i've been diagnosed as depressed for about 11 years now (i'm 23) the last three or four years i have been diagnosed as bipolar after three stays at the hospital (my mother is also bipolar, we were in the hospital in tandem once haha, but its genetic and a bummer). it was extremely difficult, i feel like my stays there ruined my life ( caused to me to have to drop out of my university leaving me in debt, ended relationships, deteriorated health) though i know i needed to be there. the gamut of medications i've cycled through haven't been much help, but i've tried to heal myself holistically on my own to keep me functioning. Now i have tried over the past few months to get my life back together, i'm enrolled at a community college, i'm in a relationship with a man i love, and have a new job. But it is so hard, i rapid cycle and cry more now then ever. i have developed weird pressure headaches at my crown, my paranoia is up. Its incredibly difficult to keep up with the life that i have created for myself. i want this life so badly but its killing me that i am not doing well. I'm so tired all the time. I make mistakes at work, my artwork (i am studying fine art) is horrendous and i feel like i am not good enough for my boyfriend and fear that he will leave me (he is applying out east to grad school and i live on the west coast) for someone more accomplished and together. I don't know what to do. i love and want my life but i feel like i can't keep up. i've worked so hard to get here but i'm not good enough to have these things. I don't know what to do.
Hi. I'm new to the Healingwell community. I was just diagnosed Bipolar I about 2 weeks ago after having episodes for the past 18 years. Last year I admitted myself into a psychiatric Hospital for an evaluation and 72 hour hold. This was the first time I had ever spoken to a psychiatrist in my life at the age of 34. I was diagnosed as depressed and received lexapro for the depression. It did nothing for me. I stopped taking it. Finally found a new doc that listened to what was going on and prescribed me Lamictal. I'm not fond of the irritation and straight up anxiety that's going on. I know I've only been on it for a few weeks and a small doses but I feel even more manic on it than I did before. Is this a normal occurrence for anyone on lamictal? And if I switch to lithium, which is a great possibility since I'm going for the blood work tomorrow,  what should I expect?  Basic expectations for starting a new med. Thanks for anyone that can help me, even just a little. I'm so new to all of this.
Hello everyone. so much. Anyways thank you for listening.
Tim tam, my mother kicked me out at 14 I ended up staying with this 42 year old guy who beat me and put me out on the street. I was raped in 2000 my 15 year old was a product of my rape. I do not believe in abortion so I kept him. My rapest was not charged however last I heard he moved to Florida and died. My mother was investigated for molesting my sister and I. When my mother and father divorced my father ended up in prison. I lost contact with him until my 17th birthday my mother told me a bunch of lies about
My husband is VERY recently diagnosed as Bipolar 1 - and I need some advice.  Of course we are just now beginning to try new medications though previously he has tried Lamictal and Depakote.  He is trying Abilify now, but I digress.Any advice?  Can I save my marriage AND keep my children safe?  How can I help him to become more stable?
one of two of my psychiatrists said i have this devasting horrible cruel illness.is this true?
I've enjoyed it too! It's fun chatting with people who don't judge me for being depressed.Will you have time for a quick chat tomorrow? I usually hang around in the Depression forum.
that i am not good at, self reliant.  here i think mental health care is still in the stone age.
I got that sense aboutSo seriously, why do you think your depression is so severe?
do you think i am a loser.? i am not a foggie.  I look 40. I would be so out of place there.  Thank for the insult. i am 59 not 79
Heheh ... you would lose that bet. My wife is 54, she's hot. Just finished watching The Fall on Netflix - Gillian Anderson is close to 50, she's hot. Age doesn't bug me at all. before I do?
My name is Rob, Thanks for all of your posts. I am learning more about Bipolar and realize that the breakups are just part of the cycling, and I am more at peace knowing this is not my fault. I dedicate this post to my beautiful Lisa, who I have known for 30 years, who made my dreams come true by being my girlfriend, for the two 3 month stretches this past year, and they were suddenly dashed twice by this horrible illness. Although we are in no contact, she will always be in my heart. I have to move on with my life, even though I know that she may contact me again during her &quot; up &quot; period.  There may be another man that comes along, as there have been a few that I have known of in the past. The future is so uncertain as she has requested not to receive my calls or texts. I will always cherish the time that we have shared, and how when she is at her best, she makes me want to be at my best. Bless you all for reading and contributing.
Hi everyone, hope things are going well. For those who don't know me I'm a highly adapted BP1 who is living med free. Been doing it for about  &quot;Pain comes from wanting things to be different then what they actually are. Peace comes from accepting what is for what it is. Acceptance is the path i follow to peace&quot;
Good morning to you. :)Good sleep?
I am in need of help deciding what to do with my marriage. I have been with my husband 10 years married 7. We have two small children and have been reasonably happy. We love eachother but my husband has always had bouts of depression and during those times has always leaned on other women for help rather than me. This has only happened during his depressions and he has never had a physical affair before now. Last year he had a PTSD trigger at the same time that the depression hits. He was extremely depressed for 3 months refusing any help and if I pushed he would demand a divorce. He said he couldn't feel love for me but that he did know he loved me before the depression hit. Finally after 3 months he checked himself into the hospital after loosing his cool with our young son in the car and scaring our son and almost having an accident. He was put on both welbutrin for depression and Zoloft for anxiety and he improved quickly. Witching 3 weeks he was near his old self again. He began seeing a therapist and we also started marriage counseling. He was great and very regretful for the hurt he had caused and then after another 3 weeks he changed. He started telling me he had a lot in his head, he couldn't trust anyone couldn't trust me, everyone was lying to him, he said he was fighting it and he knew it wasn't real and I wouldn't loose him again. This went on for about
I'm new here and want to share my story with you. 
Hope you're doing well, today.   :)
been a tad chaotic. no sleep and savage nocturia is messing with my life force. been in some dark places but always fighting. playing some black Sabbath to sooth the savage beast. been four months since I have gambled. good progress. am seeing a gambling counsellor, along with my regular therapist.  just thought I would touch base.'
Hi - I'm in my early 30's, I have been with my husband for 13 years (married for 8) and we have 4 amazing children ranging from 18 months-9 years.  I've been at a really low point the last few months, and am looking for support, hope, advice, objectivity, different perspectives.Oh - and I'm sorry for posting this under bipolar... I wasn't quite sure whether to go with bipolar or schizophrenia since his last diagnosis was schizoaffective... it seems like schizoaffective disorder has qualities of both diseases, and I suppose most of his current symptoms would appear to be more bipolar.  I'm sure there is quite a bit we can relate to regardless.
flow with the chaos in a non destructive manner, and embrace the complexity.'
P doc just increased my lamotrigine from 50 to 100 .I seem to be more anxious, faster heartbeat. The increase only happened 3 days ago. Could this just be an adjustent period. Taking it as a mood stabilizer along with low dose remeron. I must say that I have been a somewhat better than i was before, but no real magic yet. Whenever I report anything to him, as long as it is not a rash, he just says, &quot;don't worry, you'lol get used to it&quot;.
I am new to this forum but not the site. I was here about
HI all...I was just reading corresponding notes betwen a few of you about leaden paralysis.&nbsp; You all&nbsp; might have been able to tell so far, that I'm pretty positive (i.e. my "its a beautiful day"...etc. memos)...because I am.&nbsp; I love the days when I feel that I'm not suffering from this.&nbsp; 
Sarah,I am sorry you're at that point. I wish I could do something to help. The best I can tell you now is to remain in contact with whoever you talk to when life starts to feel rough. Make sure that person or thoes people know that you're doing well in school and you're happy, but you can't escape the leaden feeling. Hopefully, your recent feelings might not go away but maybe you'll at least have people around you to lift you up. It's what works for me, in any case. Take care!
is leaden paralysis, to everyone's knowledge, always cyclical?  my doc insists i have it, even though my fatigue is NEVER cyclical, always constant.  also, i have not responded to BP treatments, even 25 mg of lamictal made me super anxious.  is my fatigue probably related to unipolar depression?
so extreme fatigue is possible, and even common, in unipolar (and often atypical) depression??
I have gone through bouts of this for a long time.&nbsp; I am doing better now.&nbsp; I started eating and I showered today.&nbsp; Our goal is to find support and leave my bed a little bit each day.&nbsp; One of the differences for me is that I have other conditions involing MI so I am usually effected mentally as well.&nbsp; I have no desires beyond breathing and&nbsp;that feels difficult.&nbsp; As far as being suicidal, it feels like this as I told my doctor as few days ago: I don't have any desire to plan a suicide (which for me is as easy as eating foods the are off my diet since I take a MAOI, like a piece of chocolate;) however, if the house was on fire &amp; I didn't have to save my babies, I would lie there - and that is the thought that makes me happy.
quietpain:
This is my first post. I have bipolar disorder. I am on lithium, for emotional balance between the mania and the depression. I am on the anti-depressant called Mirtazapine to help with my depression. It took a number of years to get on what I believe is the right medicine. I think these types of forums can be very helpful, for many such people, myself included, can tend to be isolated, and thereby kept away from new information. Such a website allows a person to get new info even though in an isolated situation.
CelebratingRecovery said in her post that she was on medicine for bi-polar, but that she still got depressed and/or manic from time to time. 
I was hoping that someone could help me who has experience with Lamotrigine (Lamictal) and has stopped it.  My daughter is not bipolar but was put on this medication to help migraines.   She saw a new neurologist who suggested she go off of it and try something else but was not familiar with this medication.    He didn't say anything aboutShe was on 200 mg a day total divided into 4 pills in the morning and 4 at night.   She had been decreasing by one pill each day this week until she started to get bad withdrawal symptoms.   She started decreasing pills on Monday and is currently down to 2 pills in the morning and 3 at night so 125 mg total.    Is she decreasing too fast?   Are these normal symptoms?   How long should this last?   Thanks for the help.
help with the anxiety.  Right now I am on 4 meds. Clonapin which the P wants to wean me off of and so for 2 days now I have not taken it at all. Been weaning for a couple of weeks now. I am also on Lamotrigine 150 mg, Fluoxetine 20mg and Ziprasidone 40 mg. My anxiety level is high were sometimes I shake. Have a hard time writing or typing. I dont see the P again till August and I cant stand the anxiety. Can someone tell me if this is the right combo for someone with type 2 bipolar? Thanks
I'm a father of a bi-polar 17 year old and this is driving me crazy.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Is there anybody out there that might have some ideas on how I can cope with this before I go completely nuts?
Not much advice, but I'm sorry things sound so tough.  I know when I was 17 I would not want to have helped myself either.  Of couse you know this but it sounds like he's having a major depression and so be careful not to blame him for all of his out of character behaviors.  I know if people judged me by my behavior when I was either depressed or manic I would now be very embarassed.  What about another hospitalization to ensure that he is medicated -- once he starts feeling better he is bound to realize that he doesn't want to feel that bad again.  It's so hard to see outside of the depression when you are in the middle of one.  It feels like you will never feel better, and don't care to anyway.  Sorry, this all sounds so naive and stupid.  I just feel for you and your son and I will be praying for both of you.
in my experience, having soemone really LISTEN is the best cure there is - it makes you feel like you ARE important. good luck with things - im glad your boy seems to be getting back on track.who knows what tomorrow may bring
Haven't chatted for a while, but now I have to post.  I have been struggling with my depression and mania a lot lately and have been trying to see my therapist more often and take my meds as prescribed, but with not eating at times it's hard for my meds to work.  I felt like no one could make my life better.  Then last Saturday my life was completely crushed.  The police came to my house and informed me that my son was found dead in a hospital parking ramp from an overdose of heroin..  He and I had been fighting the night before because he wanted money (he lived with me) and wanted the car.  Earlier that morning in the middle of the night he came back again for the car and money to go to the emergency room because his heart was beating so fast.  He asked me to take him and I through the key's at him along with my debit card because he told me it cost $20 for a co-pay.  Well he stopped and got some heroin and did it in the parking ramp at the hospital.  They found him in a corner trying to get to the ER.  I feel like my world is falling apart right now.  How can I ever take it back and should have taken him there.  I'm lonely and depressed all the time.  All I wanted to be was alone and people kept coming over and the viewing and funeral were torture.  Today is the only day I have been alone since it happened and I just can't stop my racing thoughts.  I am not handling this well and I feel as no one understands.  Everyone said it will get better, but I feel like I want to stay in my room and keep away from everyone.  Am I over reacting or is this normal for grief.  I try hard to not be a pest to my husband, but I keep saying it's not real and that I want him back.  God please give him back to me! I just wanted to tell someone how I'm feeling and that I can keep talking to all of you.
We're students looking to help individuals suffering from bipolar disorder in a way that is currently unavailable to them. Could you please be so kind as to help us better understand what is missing by filling out this quick 30 second survey?
Hi,Thanks!
Is anyone else taking this? How is it working for you? Thank you so muchGERD
Hello!DarkWolfRises
 david
I am a new member.  I have suffered from depression for the past 20 years.  Recently I was diagnosed with bipolar when I had a severe manic attack which lasted 3 months.  If you research bipolar on wikipedia, it describes the actions one can take in a severe manic phase.  Well, I did everything. I felt on top of the world, talked fast, spent money I didn't have, everything.  I ran up so much in credit card debt that I could not pay the cards off.  I have an attorney doing a 'debt settlement', which will take 2 years to complete.  My credit is very bad, so bad that I will not be able to get a job in my profession of accounting for the next 10 years.  All this because of a bad episode of bipolar mania that lasted 3 months.  Anyway, no pity party for me.  I will have to get some sort of job that does not require a background check.  Please take bipolar seriously.  It can ruin your life.
Just got through meeting with the devil, one of four in my neighborhood.Night mare on elm street. I have it down to one person now, and his house is up for sale.
Just realizing how my anger issues are affecting my relationships
Hi!  I was first put on Seroquel back in 2003 when I was having horrendous anxiety/panic attacks, chronic insomnia, adrenaline surges, depersonalization/derealisation, sensory overload, and the list goes on.  I was on it for aboutHas anyone else on here suffered from the same symptoms and reactions to the Seroquel that I have.  I do know that both Seroquel and Remeron have an antihistamine base which could be why I am reacting so badly to it and having such horrendous withdrawal symptoms.  When I take a dose I feel like I have taken a handful of amphetamines or I am on crack which I have never used.  Are these symptoms normal for someone like me who is very slow tapering?  I have read that the closer I get to zero the worse the symptoms can be.  I need to get off these poisons a.s.a.p.as I believe they are slowly killing me.  I also suffer from Lyme Disease, Bartonella, Babesia (co-infections of Lyme), hypo-hyperthyroidism, gluten intolerance. adrenal exhaustion and believe they might be contributing to the problems I am having.  Please, I am desperate to get some help and support to help me get through the rest of this torturous hell.  Thank you.
Never thought I'd have to use this forum, until today. I &quot;officially&quot; got my diagnosis of bipolar a little while ago. I'm still in a little bit of shock I guess. Though, I've known this day was coming for a while. Got mono in fall 2011. Suffered with severe depression since fall 2012. Diagnosed with Hashimoto's fall of 2013. Diagnosed with Lyme fall of 2015. Non-CDC but several bands positive and positive antibody test via Igenex. Currently treating with Byron White A-L complex, Cowden's Burbor and Pinnella, 200mg Tofranil, 45mg Remeron, 20mg Propranolol, Ambien, random array of supplements.
I never have been a share online type of person, but as it is, here I am.I am married to an absolutely amazing women who is bipolar and we have a beautiful 5 year old daughter. I've been reading through several articles since joining...I wasn't sure if I should jump right into the story or just introduce myself first...So just the introduction.
SymptomsSorry for long rant but I want to know ,I know all of you are not docs here but I am struggling even with so many meds so I wanna know.
Haven't been on healingwell in quite awhile, and have run through a series of different drugs since I last posted.  Almost all had negative results.  Been on lamictal for several months now, with generally positive results, and very low doses of Rexulti two days a week - though the combination is only ok so far at reducing my depression to some degree.  Due to the encouragement of both my psychiatrist and psychologist, I decided to go the GeneSight route.  The results I received pretty much explained everything aboutAs a scientist, I realize the gene test results are not going to be perfect, but they will at least serve as a road map for future treatment plans.  That is much better than total trial and error, which is what I have been doing for much too long.
Hi, I'm salvia. I'm 24 years old. My parents arranged a person of 29 years old for my marriage. He is bit fat (83 kg) and he had childhood asthma till 18 years old. From that time even he is neither using any asthma medicine nor any inhaler. Now he has tested his asthma which is now mild asthma in report. First of all my parents motivated me to meet that guy and slowly I get close towards him( from the very beginning, as I mentioned I didn't like him because he is fat). But now I want to marry him and my parents are opposing me saying that he had childhood asthma and asthma can come back at any time and u will suffer. I and he, we both tried a lot to convince my parents saying that asthma is not a thing, for which we will break up. Now, my parents are saying that u can go to him n marry him, and after that don't come to our home. My bf supports me. He is agreeing for every condition which I put. I want to marry him with my parents support. Can u pls advise me what should I do? Is asthma a reason I need to dump him? Pls pls suggest. It will help a lot. Thanks.
Weaning off my other meds and starting Latuda. Do you have to take it with supper? Does it make you sleepy? Hashimoto's, Lyme (CFS, EBV exposure, mold toxicity, adrenal fatigue, IBS-C, heavy metals, bipolar.) Currently treating with Nature-Throid, Byron White A-L, Lamictal, Latuda
I've posted here before...touching on my situation in my 'I'm new here&quot; post. I wont re post details, just a synopsis and a since my last post update...
Hi Jay, Chronic Pain - Cervical Kyphosis, Cervical Spondylosis, Thoracic Scoliosis.
I'm here looking for information and hope. My 12 year old daughter was recently diagnosed with bipolar disorder. They started her on lexapro and serequel, epic fail. Within 3 weeks she was back in the ER, with suicidal thoughts. The doctor would like to use lithium on her now, and this terrifies me. Admittedly, I know little about bipolar in children as well as successful treatments. Is it because so few children have it or is it because there haven't been effective treatments found? Need help, need hope.
I have been on lamotrigine for aboutI am not quite sure what is happening here.  The positive, is that the lamotrigine has really done a good job with depression, but I am wondering if it is pushing me the other way.  Any thoughts on this would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks!
These two last weeks I've felt I was super high. Like extremely hyper. And a friend of mine has told me this wasn't normal. So I've been searching what could it be and I've got here. this but I thought you could help me before I do anything. I really hope you can. Thanks anyways.
Hi, I'm 39 years old and live in Washington, DC. I am employed full-time.So, here is me asking: What are the tools you use to &quot;do the right thing&quot; when you're manic and you just want to go with it and get as much done as possible?
Hello. I am a Mom with Bipolar and have a daughter with Bipolar. Her nickname is Cat. She is 32 and happily married from August 2013 until August 10th, 2016. Yup two months ago. Bipolar Mom
Hi,Chris
Hello all.  I am new here and seeking guidance.Any advice is welcome and thank you.
HiI was diagnosed with Bipolar I and PTSD 2 years ago after many years of being treated for depression. I am 26 and a paramedic by day and an avid artist by night with a great love of music and cats.
HiMy question essentially boils down to how bad are these side effects and can I relax a bit? And does anyone have any advice in dealing with them?
Still new to this condition. She has been recently diagnosed, w started on lithium but had to stop due to side effects. So the doc has her on lamictal and celexa. It controls the depression or she simply cycled out of the depression but is now hypo manic...luckily we see the doc today.
Hi,Should I go see a Dr that specializes in bipolar?
Hi everyoneWould love to hear your experiences/any tips on how i can help my mum
I am 40 been 135 lbs for 26 yrs  I dk if when I eat n go to br. I wonder is my issue cause of my hyperness, my adhd, I try to eat before bed middle of night 4 pbnjs every night 2 before bed n 2 when I wake up. I eat a half gallon of ice cream everyother day and no weight gain. Potatoes  every other day  ant of pasta as well but yet nothing I do construction  so I dk if that is my prob but I am concerned on my food going in and out right away what is it caused from. Am I sick it is a bad situation.  I was on pain meds but I have honest back pain. N I am getting off rhem taking suboxin stripsPlease any one able to inform me wisely
Hi im new here and this is my first post on any site so im a lil unsure what im doing, i dont know who is out there reading this but i am a desperate man in need of help. I have been with my partner for 5yrs and love her very dearly, we have a baby girl who is almost 1yr old and i am a commited family man. Two days after our baby was born my partner was diagnosed with postnatal depression and a few weeks later she was diagnosed with bipolar. She suffers from post traumatic stress disorder (which causes major anxiety with in her) bipolar and postnatal depression. She has got medication but she needs professional psychological help and im just and average guy, we cant afford private help but there is a 6month wait on the public system. Its only been 11months and im already going out of my mind. My poor misses has uncontrollable screaming outburst which come usually late at night or early morning when both of us are tired, she has no shame and will say the worse things in front of anyone young or old and it is quite embarrassing. Whenever she has an episode it is usually rather viscous in the language, tone and volume she uses, even around bubs. As a father im naturally protective of my baby girl and often i find myself getting angry at my wife for having her mental illnesses and i know i shouldnt. Its hard to support my partner through her episodes and take care of bubs at the same time. Her episodes have now reached extreme, ive rang police many times on my partner to stop her carrying on and never in my life thought i would have to do that to my partner, it is sad to see her in this state knowing the bubbly social butterfly she used to once be, im constantly trying to not be anxious around her but even our dog is anxious around her. My partner dosnt want anyone to know her situation so i cant talk to friends or family who have all been waiting patiently for there turn to meet our daughter. My partner is usually apologetic later on but its always after the damage has been done and to be honest im so emotionaly drained from the last yr that i dont know how some people have found a way to last yrs and yrs. All i know is that i love my patrner but we are in a crisis and i know there is no easy answer but just would like to hear if anyone out there is in a similar situation and if they have any advice they could give
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!Chronic Pain - Cervical Kyphosis, Cervical Spondylosis, Thoracic Scoliosis.
I found out I was pregnant 6 weeks ago, being 3 months pregnant now due to the fact I didn't know until 6 weeks. I'm so terrified. I almost had a abortion at 1st , but I knew my family would disown me. I'm afraid I'm going to lose my home, because I can't continue the job I have now all the way through. I have to lift things all day and it's 12 hour shifts. I don't have an obgyn , because the one I had dropped me dye too an insurance change. My psychiatrist took me off my lithium and vistiril and lowered my clonopin dosage and lamictal dosage. I keep having panic attacks Like  crazy and extreme depression. I had really bad suicidal thoughts on Saturday during my severe panic attack and almost did. My doctor brought my lamictal back up. I'm so scared. I don't know what to do, I just know I'm afraid tho do anything or go anywhere and I really need to go a lot of places today. I have to go to the bank and try to get a loan, because I can't afford to pay my rent this month, because of my hours being cut due to thanksgiving. I need to go to turn in an application, but am afraid to even fill it out. I need to call some Dr's and try to find an obgyn, but I'm afraid to call anyone.I'm afraid to go to the bank... I'm afraid to do anything. Just writing this post is scary. Has anyone on here been pregnant while on clonopin or lamictal ? How do I deal with life on such a small low dose of meds while pregnant with raging hormones? Does anyone have any advice or input ? 
HelloIs this normal?
(I don't which forum to post this on, so I might post it on all 3, depression, anxiety and bi-polar.)
My diagnosis is bipolar 2 ( with some  of other crap that follows in its wake like anxiety, sleep disorder). I just needed your opinion on this whole thing, does it seem like my bipolar has switched from 2 to 1? Going to ask the same question to my doc, but thats not for another 7 or 8 hours. For now, I could use some outside perspective. Any suggestions, thoughts?
My son was dx'd with BP when he was 12 yrs old.Current Medications: Diantin 275mg, Pheonobarb 150mg, Asocol 3,000 mg.
I'm bipolar ii and have been on lamictal for 4 year now. My dosis has been increases gradually as ineeded it. On monday it was increased to 300mg and last night i had my first lucid dreams. I had 3 and all of them were about either current or past situations that i wished i could've acted upon and last night i was completely aware of the fact that i was dreaming and was not afraid to speak my mind. I felt so liberated afterwards. Does anyone k ow whether my oncreased dose of lamictal had a role in this?
I'm  14 weeks now. I know my posts are long and can be somewhat repetitive,  but this is an update from my last post to let everyone know how I'm doing.  I went to go see the maternal fetal medicine Dr and also i now have a obgyn.  I   joined classes at crisis pregnancy center. I  got a food stamp application and also my boyfriend has gotten an interview fir a join making $11 an hour,  so If he gets it then i can get a job that is easier on me while I'm pregnant.  We are also now working on getting me a new car,  because mine broke down.  We could get it fixed,  but honestly it has so many problems that it'd be costly and my boyfriend doesn't want me driving a dangerous car especially now while pregnant and after baby is here.  My mfm Dr said taking lamictal  and clonapin was totally fine due to my situation. I will be monitored closely to make sure everything with me and baby are going well. As if right now,  the baby is healthy and growing as it normally should.  At 35 weeks I will have to wean off of the clonopin which is a terrifying thought. I told my psychiatrist that I wanted to try something else that was a category a medication right now and try to go ahead and taper off the clonazepam if the other medicine helps control my anxiety. She said to just stick with clonazepam and told me to take more, upping it from .5 mg 3 times a day as needed to 2 1mg a day in the morning and at night. I'm not doing it. I'm only taking it when I need it. I think it's ridiculous that she wouldn't help me wean myself off and get on something safer=(  This is my baby and I feel like I should get off the clonazepam if something safer works.   I don't want to argue with her, but  I want to do the best I can to make sure baby is as healthy as possible.I  think I will talk to my mfm Dr and tell her how I feel and have her SeND something over to my psychiatrist so maybe I can get on something safer that I don't have to wean myself off of later on. I   joined classes at crisis pregnancy center.  I feel like I'm starting to do a lot better. So this is my update post,  much better than the last post.
just joined.  I have a 19 year old son who's Bipolar.  He was diagnosed a year ago.  Its been hard but we're coping with it.  He now knows the signs of his mania, he's being treated and visits a doctor regularly.
I'm doing  all i can,  but my mania is getting out of control. .. If I commit myself to a hospital can I sign myself out?  Also  would that look bad on me to my Dr's since I'm pregnant?Ptsd, bipolar disorder type 1, skulliosis, spinal dystrophy, eoe, chronic migraines
A friend of a friend has bipolar disorder.I'm curious.
I am brand new to the forum.  I am looking for help from experience.  I suffer depression and over the last year I have experienced betrayal from friends and a new romance. I tried to bounce back but couldn't I was in recovery from pain meds and over the year have begun to look in medicine cabinets etc.  thank you
Hello everyone, i was wondering if i could pick your brain on this matter. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. I'm on seroquel 100mg btw. And lastly, can Metformin, the anti diabetic med, help decrease the metabolic side effects (weight gain, cholestrol, Triglycerides?
Hello! I dont really know where to start. I'm posting under bi-polar because Im not positive where to put it, so i do apologize.I went from feeling like a productive, independent person to a completely batcrap crazy person.  Maybe I'm bi-polar? Maybe its just a barrage in changes in medicine? Maybe its having trouble from not having eaten and was dehydrated?
Hi,  a month ago and last night she had her first episode without him living there. He is now saying he has to move back and I can either go with him or we can divorce (not exact words, but the basic meaning). I don't think it's a good idea to live there with the way she treats me. We would not have our own space. We are a younger couple and have not had kids yet. I am worried that we wouldn't be able to have a family living there because it wouldn't be safe or healthy for them. I don't know how to explain to my husband that he is not responsible for his mother and her actions. We have a duty to make sure she is safe and cared for, but that is really it. She has to want to comply with her meds and be healthy. She manipulates him and plays on his emotions, so I feel like I cannot get through to him. Am I wrong to not want to live there? Any suggestions on how to move forward? How can I get through to him?
I am a mom of a bipolar son who was diagnosed when he was 12 years old and is now 31.  He and I have a very strong bond and whenever he triggers an episode he refuses any kind of help as he lives in fear of previous episodes where he has been arrested, tazered by the police, and hospitalized.  He lives with his girlfriend who is 13 years older than him and suffers with an anxiety disorder.  They both take their medications regularly but my son has absolutely no coping abilities and he triggers many episodes because he doesn't get proper sleep or have a good structured life.  They both are on ODSP for their conditions and both do not know how to budget money! Every episode he has (which seems to be ongoing now) he is extremely mean to me and I happen to be a very sensitive caring mom that will never give up on him but as I am getting older now (59) i do not have the same coping ability and I live in constant tears as I am heart broken!!  What to do???  Any advice would be most appreciated!Brenda
I haven't been on here in quite some time....for some history, I lost my Sister in 2013, a Brother in 2014 and my Dad in 2015. The first two, to cancer and my Dad...he'd had enough.Thanks for letting me vent.....and being here.
It is getting really hard lately for me. Let me just give you some of my history, I been dealing with my bi-polar for the past 16 years had alot of ups and downs, mostly downs. Was in a horrible relationship for 7 years of it. But the last 9 years are better.  But in 2016 I lost my 2 friends 1 to a heart attack at the age if 31 my son in laws brother. Another a great friend to cancer.  Then my Mom passed away in July 2016 and if that isn't bad enough, I lost my best friend for over 30 years, Nancy was my rock, if 2 friends can be soulmates well that was me and Nancy. Now I dont have my Mom who was also my best friend, and Nancy who I would go to and we just would talk aboutHas anyone very felt like this before. I do have alot of people who are important to me, but it is not the same. I hurt all the time, but what do I do, I put on my smiley mask and go out into the world like I am ok, but truthfully I am not.  Not sure what to do or where to go. I am in therapy and see my doctor but still feel like something is missing. I just want to be.....
My wife of 25 years has now become this different person and insists on getting a divorce. Every year since we have been married, my wife goes through this rage around August/September. I usually get caught off guard and sucked into her argument over something very petty and then she turns on the devil. The eyes Flash Thanks to anyone who may spare their time.
i am male , 37 years old.biperiden half pill per morning
Does anybody know what the odds are of having bipolar Affective disorder, hypothyroidism, and no working memory. I have done a lot of research, but I cannot find anything that gives the statistical odds of having both hypothyroidism and no working memory and not having Bipolar disorder. My wife also has seasonal Affective disorder and delusions along with many other Bipolar symptoms (90%) But both the hypothyroidism and no working memory can be proven undisputed. Both are linked to Bipolar disorder.
Hi all, I am new to the site and this is my first time posting.Any thoughts or suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
I just learned recently that my psychologist has been diagnosed with cancer and will be undergoing treatments.  She has put her practice on hold for at least 3-6 months, which I completely understand.  A letter she sent indicated the prognosis is good for her recovery, which I truly hope is the case because she is not only a great psychologist, she is a wonderful woman.  I'm pained right now knowing she is sick and would be devastated if she does not beat her disease.  In the meantime, I'm not sure what to do about getting another psychologist.  I have an appointment to see her partner, but that is not until late April, which is the earliest she could get me in.  It took me a number of psychologists to find one that worked well with me, and I really don't feel up to making appointments with other psychologists (that might be able to see me earlier than late April)  just to see if one of them will work out.  It always takes me a number of appointments before I see whether there is a good match or not.  I am hoping her partner will be a good match based on her association with my psychologist, but the wait until late April is going to be a long time for me.  Being bipolar, and having some serious family issues going on right now, I really need to talk to someone with an objective viewpoint.  I have been doing pretty well controlling my depression taking lamictal and seeing my psychologist on a regular basis, but this event in the family has been a major negative trigger, and I can feel myself sliding in a direction I don't want to go.  I'm really lost right now, and I don't have a clear direction forward.  Any thoughts, advice, suggestions - would be greatly appreciated.  Taygeta
Good afternoon! Any advice or any suggestions would be so grateful   I lost my only son in a severe car accident he was only 19 years old  I have been on Seroquel for about
Halo Thank you.
I was rx bipolar in 2006. I believe I have had it forever, but it was caught and I am stable with my bipolar, but in 2013 I had my first anxiety and panic attack. It came out of nowhere. I was scared to death! Well I have gotten better with the help of these forums and meds, counseling, and coping skills. I have talked to so many people with bipolar over the past 4 years and NONE of them have anxiety and panic with their bipolar.  Why does this happen to some but not all? My pdoc says that it is normal for a bipolar patience to get anxiety but not really common? What did I do to give me anxiety? Am I not as stable as I think I am? This is horrible and I can't keep doing this anymore. I want to be stable but this anxiety is making it hard. Does anyone else have bipolar and anxiety?Stay strong, stay well and be happy even if it's fake at first.
Halo When I speak to someone and see movement in the background or the person I speak to makes a movent I look at the movement they are making.
KiwiBearThank you for listening.
I was dx bipolar when my son was 1 year old. I always feel so bad that he doesn't have a dad to count on when sometimes counting on me is disappointing. I have been really trying and I do the best I can but I have to wonder if he better off with my parents as guardians for him. I would die if I didn't have him, I wake up daily and fight every moment for him. I just wonder how bad I am screwing him up by being selfish?  Does anyone else feel this way? Can anyone give me some advice? Everyone around me says I do a good job with him, but I am always such a mess, it makes me wonder. Stay strong, stay well and be happy even if it's fake at first.
Hi all,
I was in a relationship with a woman who was bipolar. We were together for a year, but she had to move back home to be with her family because of all the debt she piled up during her manic phases. This was before I met her. She told me that she would move back once the debt was paid off, which she figured would take a year. We never promised not to see other people, but we still chatted regularly. She would often tell me how anxious she was to move back and how boring her home town was. That went on for a year and a half. Then one day, she posts on her Facebook page that she's in a relationship and I stop hearing from her. After some time, we start chatting again and she tells me that she's changed her mind about moving back. Obviously, the new boyfriend was the reason. But she claims it's because she's doing well there and has her illness under control. Now, I have no doubt that living at home and having family to support you makes dealing with bipolar easier. But given that she spent nearly 18 months telling me how unhappy she is there, this was a pretty surprising change of heart. Is it possible that she was depressed all those times she told me she was unhappy there? If so, I wish I would've realized it sooner.
Hello Everyone,S
HaloThank you
Hello, this is my first post, I am a 47 year old Male.  I have had problems for 25 years.  Last week several times i became disconnected.  Things started to feel unreal.   I have had those feelings before.  When all this began many years back i was diagnosed with depression.  i saw psychiatrists who gave me antidepressants, 6 different ones at different times, they never worked.  I also had many physical problems as well, and 12 years ago i was diagnosed with Lyme disease.  I thought that was the cause of all this, however i think i treated Lyme as much as i can, and after spending time online the last week, i truly believe i am bipolar.  Wether it is related to lyme i don't know, but i have to look into treating bipolar.  My question is, how do i find a reputable doctor?  I plan to use providers of my health insurance, but when it came to Lyme disease i was told to only go with Lyme literate doctors which i did.  So, would there happen to be a list of approved doctors or places to go?   i don't want to risk being misdiagnosed again.  thankyou for any help.
Hi in the last 45 yearsJust being ordinary solves some probs....
Hello, all.  Have a beautiful weekend, and thank you for taking the time to read what this rambling mess of anxiety has going through her mind.
Hello. I am a newbie. (:I am a wife, Mom, Sister, Daughter,  Aunt, friend, and Meme.
Hello. I am a newbie.
I am recently diagnosed with Bipolar 1, rapid cycler. I am almost 50, and I am ashamed necause of my mental illness. What's left of my astranged family has discarded me as if I were trash. My eighty year old emailed me to tell me of my mother's death. Spending four months in the psychiatric ward he never visited, called or sent a card. I have joined support groups, take my medication and adhere to my doctors' appointments. Still I struggle and try to get through the day. Walking around the city involves sun glasses because I tend to have periodic tearful moments and I tend to walk with my head down. Has anyone else felt or presently feel this way? Your sharing would be really appreciated.
My husband has bipolar disorder and is super healthy and stable. He takes his meds sleeps regularly and has an amazing job. However, he was told that for 30 days he would need to work night shift. He is going to request an accommodation from work to not have to do this. Is it possible that he could work the night shift? It would only be 1 time for the 30 days and he would keep the same schedule for the entire 30 days (even weekends). Has anyone done this? We don't know how his request will go and we need him to keep his job.Alison
Hello everyone, my user name is the right path. My husband has bipolar and he is in his manic episode now. I am glad I found this forum. It is a great please to learn about bipolar and to pass and share our own experience. Thank you for adding me.
Hello, I am new and need help. In two years my entire world has come apart. My husband of 9 years was recently diagnosed Bipolar. In a way I am relieved because I feel I am able to make sense of some of the things that have brought me to this very spot in our life. Cheating, lying, substance abuse and car accidents and the most random of things that I can't even begin to explain. Two summers ago he pulled the rug out from under me and decided he was leaving, I spent months trying to figure out what had happened and when I finally decided to move on and leave he came running back because he said he was afraid to lose me forever. I gladly took him back and in the next year he developed a drug addiction, lost 3 jobs and the cheating never stopped. I feel like everyday I find out something else that has happened. Sometimes he regrets it and feels remorseful and other days he just doesn't know why it happens and that's how he is.  I made him leave and we have been separated the last 6 months but because of our son we are still in touch daily. He still says that he loves me but he is afraid to do anything and I am just as scared.  I don't want to abandon him, I love him and some days he knows it and other days he could care less. He has not started taking his new medication yet because he has one more appointment with his doctor. I have been doing research and from what I hear the odds are not good for me. I am so lost and just heartbroken.  
My name Is Jessie W. I am 26 and Male I move around a lot. I have come to terms with my illness on and off meds. I deal with doctors and a therapist. I have been battling illnesses since childhood. I use to be on Ritalin and Adderall. My mom says it makes me act like a zombie and it does I can't eat everything taste nasty and I'm really sleepy. I ended up getting off of those drugs and take different ones now. I have not been able to fully accept I need meds and mental help. I also have some other illnesses I am battling including depression. I just wanted to let people know and tell somebody a group obviously that I'm aware of my disease and discuss how it affects my daily life. I'm working on not flipping out and or getting depressed having a rollercoaster of feelings all day everyday isn't good for my mood. I take classes at the ymca workout and stuff. I also am currently in a program where we have a planned day groups and stuff. I plan on going to college and getting a job. Car, Pets, kids, Girlfriend and a House. Living a Normal Life as much as possible. I do the best I can.
Anyone got any updates? the theory that the antidepressants caused a hypermanic reaction in certain people and was told &quot;No, the biploar was just latent all the time and the antidepressants have 'uncovered' it. Then I met a psychiatrist who said that that was indeed true and there is more evidence emerging to support it - that ADs can cause a manic reaction. It makes sense really. I just want to get off these darn drugs. Whaddya reckon? fitzski
I suspect my wife has Bipolar II but she has not been formally diagnosed with it. She was diagnosed with major depression many years ago but I believe it has morphed into Bipolar II since then.  She hates all doctors at this point and refuses to get help anymore.  She was on Prozac for the better part of 10 years and it helped some.  She quit medication in October of last year. Things have become progressively worse since then.  She's spoken 
   hi just wanted to say hi to everyone and introduce myself, I just joined. My name is Michele and I have bipolar disorder, anxiety, hypothyroidism, migraines. I'm looking for support and am here to offer my support as well.
I
Hello! I'm new here and looking forward to this journey. I am Bi-Polar and also have Anxiety disorder. For the past 3 weeks, I have been in a deep depression (which came on after a two week bout of hypomania). I saw my doctor today and she has prescribed Latuda to go along with my Celexa & Wellbutrin. I would like to have your experiences with Latuda. I'm extremely concerned aboutCelexa ~ Wellbutrin ~ Xanax ~ Latuda ~ Lunesta
Hey I'm not really sure what kind of response I expect from you guys but I'm gonna give it a go.I put this in the bi polar section of the forum on an assumption lol. What do you guys think?
Hi, I have BiPolar II, generalized anxiety disorder and mood disorder. I also have illness anxiety disorder (Hypochondria) Can these manifest physical pain i'm constantly thinking i have the worst case illnesses constantly currently treating this but its  tough battle and i always in pain
My sister is 53 years old.Zane.
I'm New to this site.  Am I right?  Should I call it a day or am I just handling the issue badly?
Wishing all my HW friends in the United States a Happy 4th July! 
My doctor started me on Wellbutrin 5 months ago. The last time I went back, she added Latuda because I didn't feel like the Wellbutrin was doing anything. All this was added to the 40 mg Celexa I've been on for over 5 years. Here's my problem: I FEEL LIKE crap! I started getting sooooo tired when I started the Wellbutrin. Tired to the point of falling asleep at my desk at work. Now I'm on Latuda and even though it's supposed to make me drowsy at night, it has the OPPOSITE effect. I wires me up. I can't sleep. And when I don't sleep well (at least 7 hours a night) I get angry. Am I angry because of lack of sleep? Or am I angry because the Latuda makes me angry? The Wellbutrin has ZERO effect on me in regards to depression. I feel the Wellbutrin makes me tired and unmotivated. Celexa ~ Wellbutrin ~ Xanax ~ Latuda ~ Lunesta
not posted about myself in a little while. i have just reinstated lamictal, low dose to begin with, and i am still taking the pristiq and a little mirtazapine at night. mum is very unwell, and was recently put under the mental health act. dr's stuffed with her meds, at a certain hospital, and we are awaiting to see if she picks up, if not the ECT route is very much needed. she has been delusional, very delusional. i have been consulting with my shrink and gp as of late. am tired. we are still having head butting sessions with the housing dept regarding mums needs. errrr. they are poor communicators the gov, all by letter. i am working on myself, so as i can be more functional in the community. just thought i would share.
Hey! Quick question for some people maybe a bit more experienced than me. I just recently started Topamax again for my mood stabilisation, originally perscribed for migraine control. I started off at 50mg and got moved up to 100mg but I was never consistent and quickly went off. I recently started taking them again and I took a 100mg pill, and my whole body went tingly, starting with my face. Can anyone give me an answer as to what this means?
Think long and hard about taking Latuda. Do your research. I can tell you I think it is the drug from HELL. 3 weeks on Latuda and I was seriously contemplating suicide. Be very careful with this drug.
The title says it all. Starting towards the beginning of January/end of December, I was put on 1500 mg of Depakote, 25 mg of Anafranil, and 1 mg of Klonopin. As of maybe a month or two ago, I've only been on 250 mg of Depakote. I was hoping that such a low dosage would enable me to regain the majority of my ability to feel, but sadly it has not. It's given me a little more emotional flexibility, but I feel as if I'm apathetic almost every day. I remember once upon a time I used to have a strongP.S. I'm not &quot;fully bi-polar&quot;. After a neuropsych evaluation it has been determined that my condition is unspecified, but it has elements of bipolar and anxiety disorder. I do not believe that what I am feeling is manic depression.
Last night I noticed a tightness and itchiness on my shoulder but did not &quot;see&quot; anything. Today, after sleeping all day, the rash is noticeable. Right now, it is a patch - pink, small bumps.I posted on the Depression Forum that I am going through my deepest and longest depression. I am in an area where there isn't much support available to me. I'm isolated and the idea of living like this along with my other problems is scary. What kind of life is this?
Hi kellyinCali, 
I've been taking about
And lately he's been really unmotivated or unambitious. He quit his hamburger job and has no desire to look for something else (partially because my dad enables him) and i don't know how to approach him about it or get through to him. I feel like when ever i try he feels attacked or just uninterested. He's 22 been diagnosed for 3 years now.
Howdy and Hello, I was diagnosed with Bi polar 5 years ago and been on and off meds, each one affecting me in a state of blinding rage, but my new doc put me on Lamictal 50 mg 2x a day the first week was kind of a fog, but mood seemed to be stabilized, then the most vivid dreams of pleasure came out of no where, then the pleasure came to despair, dreams of things i think in my head but would never act upon and they become lucid, the worst was last night, setting ww2 trenches ( fell asleep watching saints and soldiers ) the part that came lucid i was stalking an enemy and jumped down to deliver a kill with a knife the enemy turned into a baby smiling at me, I turned to look away and there in the trenches were all babies covered in blood, I woke up balling my eyes out, is there anyone out there who has had this nightmarish hell reek havoc on there mind, after taking this medicine?
Hi I'm new to this, I was just recently diagnosed with bipolar so I'm still trying to get it under control. I also have lupus and epilepsy. I'm 34 years old married with one child. I'm taking abilify and Wellbutrin right now...
Hi, as everyone &quot;im new in this,&quot; i really dont know if im correct, but i have been recording in my phone, my girlfriend difficult times cause I have been getting a felling about
Please some advise on how can you get a person to get a diagnotic on BP 
I know this is personal.Healthy Trinity Probiotics 6-10 a day, Vit D, L glutamine, ginger juice, turmeric supreme, herbs, mega drugs to sleep at night
My psych doc said I am very sensitive to medications... case in point, I couldn't tolerate the lowest dosage of seroquel. Now I'm on 20 mg Prozac and 1 mg Rexulti, he wants to increase them gradually as I'm doing relatively well, and my swings are better under control. New diagnosis: bipolar I. But anxiety still exists. I agree with new diagnosis and am working with my therapist to map out my swings.halp!
Hello HW family. I have found that I spend countless hours trying to learn about how to handle this and how to talk to the P-doc who is giving me all of the meds that leave me questioning ALL of them only to be stuck in &quot;analysis paralysis.&quot;  confused
Hi to you all.  I have been taking Lithium (800) daily and also Sertraline as well. I have been on Lithium about 15 years and I remain in the doldrums. I do not get manic high but do have low moods which seem constant but not in any rhythmical pattern. My GP seems to want me to continue with it but my consultant who recently took over my case asked me why I was on Lithium (Priadel) without changing anything. I would like to cut it back and eventually stop it because of the many side effects it brings. Hypothyroidism, tiredness and lethargy, weight gain etc. I do not think it is making any difference to my mood but unless it is adjusted how will I ever know and how do I make my doctors take notice of me? Thanks
Is there a chat room for significant others with a love one affected with bipolar disorder.
Hi, So I am depressed. I just got out of treatment. I was in treatment for 2 months. During that my husband decided he wanted to get separated and that when I came home I could not come home to our house I had to get an apartment and a job. We have a 3 year old little girl as well. So all of this has led me to enter into a pretty heavy depression. He has given me 6 months to prove that I can be stable and live on my own without trying to kill myself or doing self harm or spinning out and needing to go to the hospital. At first it was supposed to be a trial 6 months and we were supposed to have the possibility of getting back together. Now he just wants a divorce. Needless to say the only thing that is keeping me here is my little girl, he has her, but I love her with all of my heart and am working really hard to keep my head above water so that I can have joint custody and be with her. So usually with my bipolar I go between mania and mixed episodes and a little bit of depression. I have never been this depressed so I don't really know how to handle it. I sit and stare. My mind is to busy reminding me that I am alone for me to concentrate on anything else. I was a stay at home mom and wife for 4 1/2 years so now being alone in this apartment is a lot for me to handle and I have no friends. So my doctor is switching me to rexulti from 800mg of seroquel. I have been on seroquel for years so I am feeling really weird and out of it. I called her office because the anxiety is so bad and she said to stay were I was on the titration down and put me on valium for the anxiety. Anyway. I guess I just needed to share all of that, any thoughts are welcomed and also anyone on rexulti how is it? and does it work? any side effects? thanks for listening
There was an topic with this subject  suicide many times. Does any one feel the same? Does any one know what is this
Wondering how forum moderator, UA, has faired with the latest hurricane, Irma, which is now aboutDid you get a lot of rain and high winds?
I'm a 54 year old male that was diagnosed with bipolar in 2000, and PTSD in 2016.  I take Lamotrigine 200MG a day for the bipolar and Aripiprazole 10MG a day for the PTSD.  So, I fight every day with my issues and just needed to unload a bit.
I saw the P-doc today. While my blood will be tested for anything and everything that causes fatigue, he thinks what I describe as &quot;excessive sleep&quot; is bipolar depression. He said that typically the &quot;hibernation&quot; time is Fall & Winter. I have never heard of this before but it certainly helps me understand why he is treating me for Bipolar II (w/ hypomania). Those of you with Bipolar, have you heard of this before? When do your depressive episodes strike the most?
Hi. I'm sure this'll raise a lot of eyebrows and reel in a lot of views. Before you say anything, please don't give me the whole &quot;talk to your psychiatrist before you make any significant changes in your medication&quot; spiel. Believe me, I know.I don't know what to do. I'm tired of being behind a glass wall and I'm tired of being surrounded by people and still feeling so alone. What do I do?
I found this forum when I googled &quot;bipolar and overwhelmed with a cluttered house&quot; and the thread hit home like a hammer. I find myself crying in the bathroom while my three boys watch tv in the room. I had put effort into trying to get areas in my house better organized and I was making head way. But after my oldest was sick recently and I was barely getting any sleep at the time, I can see how the house has once again slipped into dissarry. I feel the direct onset of anxiety and depression everytime  I walk into my house. I am filled with guilt and regret and anger that my boys are surrounded by this type of environment. I am a single mom, i work fulltime with odd hours and my boys are 9 to 15 months. I am still nursing so sleep is still very broken and aside from our stupid dog, it's just us. I give my boys age appropriate chores and do not expect them to feel responsible for decluttering the house, but when they start rough housing they can reclutter an area pretty fast. 
My apologies for posting a thread before my introduction.So hey everyone....😁
Hi Everyone, 
Hi everyone -My mother-in-law has been diagnosed as bipolar a week ago. I've been married to her son for over 15 years and have never had a great relationship with her because she is very judgmental, rude and inappropriate. For these past 15 years I have been telling my husband that she seemed bipolar to me but she was only diagnosed as suffering from depression. I'm thankful we finally have a diagnosis and she is getting more appropriate medications - except - she's not taking the medications as she should, she denies that she has bipolar and she is in a manic episode. My FIL picked up and left today saying he can't do it anymore. My husband is permanently disabled and is suffering from depression himself. He is the only child. I'm not sure he can handle this on top of everything else....and honestly - I'm pretty sure I can't either. Hoping to find some sage advice here - thanks for listening!!
Just sharing an excellent link I found by PsycheEducation. If you want to see the graphs and charts (visual), this is the link: http://psycheducation.org/diagnosis/ diagnosis questions on the Diagnosis FAQ page, or go on to Treatment.
I have been struggling with significant bipolar symptoms since 2007, though I have had it for most of my life.  As well, I have anxiety and OCD as well - which ties into bipolar hypo-manic events.  I have been on too many ADs to even count - all of which were worthless.  Lamotrigine has been the best help I have had, and I am seeing a therapist in conjunction with medical treatment.      I take small amounts of Rexulti, normally 2 to 4 times a week, which helps to a point, but if i overdo it, it caused me to feel &quot;buzzed&quot; without focus.Frankly, life generally stinks for me.  I wish I had some solutions that would work, but the repeated brick walls keep me from moving on to any sense of well-being that lasts for more than brief periods.
Hey UA,
I have short frequent episodes of depression (once to twice a month) and have been taking clomipramine (tricyclic antidepressant) which works only partially. I still get the episodes. I am thinking I should add a med to my antidepressant.What was your experience, and between the 2 meds which one would be best?
Hi! I normally post on the Lyme forum. I'm here with a question on a medication because I think it is more commonly used in this group -- I hope that's OK! I was prescribed Lamictal this week for neurological Lyme symptoms they think are caused by inflammation of some part of the nervous system. (Unfortunately don't remember exactly what part she said.) I took 25 mg at 7 p.m. Shortly after I took it, I felt it kick in -- waves of scary weird feelings in my head and a pounding heart. It did seem to help as the next morning, I was able to drive without problem for the first time since this started. But then at 1 p.m., I suddenly felt like I was going to pass out, and I was on the edge of unconsciousness for more than an hour despite laying down. (I have passed out numerous times before, but it's always been a quick thing.) My interpretation was that the inflammation returned as the medicine wore off, causing that problem. I went to the ER as it wouldn't stop and I started shaking and feeling like I was having trouble breathing. It finally just went away, and the doctor there said it might be a side effect even though it was the next day. Has anyone experienced this before? Any idea what that might have been? (Haven't heard back from the prescribing doctor yet.)
 Lis
HiPedi
Hello!But I still feel a huge weight of guilt and shame. I feel like a black hole. I'm pretty positive that we are struggling financially and I feel (know) it's my fault for taking time off work to do IOP. I feel like an emotional burden. I'm so afraid that my BP is affecting our son. My husband thinks I baby him. I really don't think that I do. I do know I'm terrified of having an outburst around him. I'm terrified. Anyways I'm here because tonight my fears are not letting me sleep. I woke up from a nightmare that I was having a hypomanic episode that lead to my husband leaving and I had an outburst and he got hurt. Now it's all I can think of fear of him leaving but even more so the fear that he will stay and fear that I am hurting him. I can't stop crying. I wish that we had never gotten married that he wasn't tied to me. I just love him so much and the thought that he is tied to me this rollercoaster of emotions is devastating. I feel like everyone one I love is sucked into that black hole that is me.
Hello!  Could you please assist with:Thank you

I have been married to my wife for 18 years. In the 18 years my wife has had 6 or so mania and demands a devorce and no future contact. She has gone to family court claiming abuse, but then took me to the court as her support person, as well as the defendent. It us 9 days since the last eposoide started. I am assuming it is an eposoide but maybe she really do want a devorce. I would have concluded that if she had not yelled at me in an anger fit...told me not to contact her family in Africa...and broken contact with everyone. I am not sure what I'll tell her sister when she can not contact her, our financial protection has back fired as all accounts need dual signatures, and I am currently unemployed and can not access funds either. In the weeks  before her manic eposoide we had large amounts of stress.
My estranged wife has bipolar 2 and post traumatic stress. Yes she has both. Her family has the bipolar gene. But she has been hi jacked...raped...and severely burned. So she has both ailments. I blame the illness not the person. Yes she the unwell person hurts me but I hurt her... some how the greatest gift god could give my friend is solice peace and a well balanced drug cocktail or essential oils that keep her neither depressed or hyper manic... but that has to wait...till she returns or is no longer my concern
I think it is normal to worry aboutAre you taking care of yourself? You can also take advantage of this time away from her to look after your own needs. What are your needs right now?
Got a phone call from the police. My estranged claims I am tracking her. I did sent a text ...to the second phone number she sent me. However I am not stalking her but thanks to her paranoid actions I know that she us in Chch. I will not send anymore texts. I have been discussinwhat to do. I have decided if I alert
It sure is difficult living with someone who's moods change so rapidly. Never know what triggers it. The only thing you can predict is constant change and fluctuations🤣
Hi all! xo-Teta
I met my beautiful wife in Cebu Phillipines well I was on vacation.  She was at a beauty pageant and well I just felt drawn to her.  She is 25 I am 38.   So we do have a age gap.. She was the Matriarch of her family. Her mother left her when she was 12 had a abusive drunk father that didn't give up the bottle till she was about
HiPedi
Anyone living with an unmediated bipolar? The minute things start to calm down, something triggers them to become unhinged again. I know it's not them but the illness. It's he'll to live with them! L
Hi I am new to the forums, but been treated BP for roughly 6 years with a combination of lamotrigine 100mg day/night, lithicarb 250mg day/night, Quilonum 450mg day/night, and quietiapine 300mg night only.  I struggle with motivation to do most things in live even when they are important, I see a physiologist once every 2-3 weeks and a psychiatrist every 6 months or sooner if need be.  I have started to reduce my lithium intake  as a request to my Pdoc because I had heard it reduces your motivation over time, so now I don't take the lithicarb at all.  Does or has any one have this issue?
My doctor just prescribed this to me for anxiety ,intrusive thoughts and displacement . Looking for feedback on the anxiety I feel is the main issue I have and intrusive thoughts.
I believe I have bipolar but the substance misuse service thinks its an overiding alcohol issue. Where do I go from here?I've been like this since I was a teen.
There is a lot going on here.I don't see how you make it a day without any medicine. Can they speed up the psychiatrist appointment? That's as tough as anything you're trying to do, in my opinion.
Hi. I've been on HW for years, over in the Fibro forum (though my signature says I'm still a mod, I'm not.) Fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, discectomy L4-L5 - (w/lots of Sciatic Nerve damage), frozen shoulder, Hashimoto's Thyroiditis,  IBS, migraine, dizziness (mostly from visual stimuli), elevated liver enzymes, tachycardia, hearing loss (probably Menieres).
Hi everyone, I joined this forum for any advice and similar stories that can help me get through this.I have always been the &quot;protecter&quot; now she wants nothing to do with me.  I know it's not her.. but ohh my god this is tuff
...
..
In my desperation I took an expired Clonazepam .. I just want to sleep and stop my mind from thinking
i noticed ive been more depressed then usual this month
50 yrs. in Jan,3 Children,6 Grandchildren One Great Grand Child. All healthy and well.Any advice
Happy Holidays to all. Be kind to others and to yourself. We only live once. Treat others well. Be kind.
He can't sustain jobs or relationships when he is in and out of mania
I am new to this forum and I just wanted to share my story. My wife packed all her things on June 18th and brought them downstairs at 4 in the morning. She went back upstairs and kissed our 14, 5, and 2 yr olds on the head. She came back downstairs, told me to take care and proceeded to place her things in a taxi. Did not hear anything from her until a week later. She texted me and asked me to mail her birth certificate and gave me the address. The address was in California, we live in North Carolina. That was the last that I have heard from her, until Christmas. She sent a simple text saying &quot;Merry Christmas&quot;. She has missed our sons first day of school, our daughter learning to potty train, and our other daughter aboutIt is hard looking past my wife and blaming solely bipolar. So many hurtful and, appears to be, irreversible things have happened. Is it wrong to try and get to the point to where I should think she doesn't exist anymore? Is it wrong for me to tell my kids that mommy still loves them but I really feel like she doesn't? I don't want to love her, I don't want to have all of these emotions but I do. This is still very painful.
Hi  i am a new member who would to get better informed and also help others in need.
I have been taking Abilify for 10 days. 5mg to start then on day 7 took 10 mg per doc. Immediately got blurred vision, called doc after 2 days of blurred vision and he said take it back down to 5 mg. Very confused aboutand possible BPD
Hi guys,Thank you very much.
today is the day that my husband leaves me
I’m going crazy trying out new meds. Most meds seem to be activating to me, and I get restless and almost mixed. Restlessness and inability to relax is horrible when you already are up. 
First let me say that I love my wife with all of my heart and I vowed to myself that I would never get a divorce so that fact that I'm even considering it now is a bit terrifying.  We got married young and had a child even younger.  She's had some traumatic events that she's never dealt with, some from her childhood, some from when we first got married (death of her father).Any advice would be greatly appreciated, from both a BiPolar perspective and spouse or ex spouse of a Bipolar inflicted individual.  Thanks everyone.
We had been chatting about
How do I deal with a coworker that hates me? I just got this job, it has been 3 weeks now. This girl I think feels threatened by me, so she does her best to make me angry. She also does not do her job, or does her job wrong. Why is she still there? She is buddy buddy with the boss. I have already had an issue with her treating me badly. Now she likes to snap at me and tear me down, treating me like I am a stupid child. With her, it pushes ALL my triggers. How do I not snap back at her? I need this job. If it came down to it, they are more likely to fire me than her since she is &quot;experienced&quot; and I am not. I have been told this can happen at any job, so not sure job hunting is worth it. Any ideas on how I can deal with this?
I feel like a burden to everyone.  to break? Is it bad if I had to stay in the hospital and how would work take that? I don't think that will happen but what if it does? Why can't I think straight? Why am I thinking this way?
Hi everybody,
Hello everyone,
How is Kelly in Cali doing?Are you able to get out now and then? Have you considered doing any volunteer work. I just heard of a situation where you can go to a food bank and volunteer. The others I had heard of were at a hospital, and walking dogs at a kennel, humane society, such a thing.
Is it bad that I have to take a minimum wage job because I can't mentally handle my high paying job? I'm having to take gabapentin for pain and I can't think on that. My coworkers don't want me there. My boss doesn't actually care. Its a mess there, I can't handle it. I had a job interview for a bakery, and the guy said he liked me because I am definitely qualified. I told him I had some issues with pain but he said we can work with it. I am scared I am doing the wrong thing here, I mean who wants to go from a nice paying job back to what I made in high school? Not even sure it would cover all my bills, but its this or not working at all. Please tell me I am not alone....has anyone had to quit work from health problems?
I'm at my wits end. Ready to throw in the towel. They bring you down to the dark recesses of their minds. It's so exhausting . I just want to feel happy for awhile. I want to be around sensible,  uplifting people then the chaotic life living with a bp partner. Does anyone share my thoughts? Any ideas?  I'm ready to forget and escape to a tropical paradise!
hi..bp is an process of mgt. doin alright. shrink, meds good. lamictal good with me anti dep. we all have ups n downs, however knowing the signs is key..of which I have learnt. video chat with shrink. doing meditation and been declutter of house. having it organised helps with less chaos I reckon. at library, just thought I would say gday and make a little post. bi polar is about it to others and teach people who may be a little ignorant. keep well. ht.
What would be the daily lithium does in milligrams for a person with bipolar disorder who weighs 190 pounds? Thank you.
I look for some really good movies on the bipolar disorder. There is a rather exhaustive list available (Any help highly appreciated :-*
I went right off my lithium, what a mistake. I'm trying to feel well again. I was taking 900 mg of lithium daily, but I bumped the lithium up to 1200 mg and started to feel better. I over did it and started taking 1800 mg a day, but I went for a lithium blood test on Tuesday, and my reading was 1.66 which is starting to be toxic. My doctor told me to cut the lithium back to 1200 mg daily. I'm off work for a week, and I don't think that's a good thing because work gives me something to focus us and keep my mind off the depression and anxiety. How long does it take to feel better when you slide right off your lithium? Thank you.
MY SON DIED RECENTLY FROM A HEROIN OVER DOSE! I AM A SEVERE BIPOLAR AND WENT OFF THE DEEP END AND HAVEN'T BEEN ABLE TO GET MYSELFBACK UP COMPLETELY. I RECENTLY HAD TO RESIGN FROM MY JOB THAT I WENT TO COLEGE FOR BECAUSE IT WAS HIGH STRESSED. (NURSING) I HAVE CHANGED AND EVERONE SAY WE WANT THE OLD DONNA BACK, BUT SHE DIED WITH MY SON. THEY HAVE BEEN CHANGING MY MEDS SO I DON'T KNOW WHATS GOING ON AND HAVE GAINED 11 POUNDS. I WENT INTO THE HOSPITAL 2 TIMES IN LESS TO A YEAR. I HATE MY LIFE AND DON'T EVEN WANT TO WORK ANYMORE. I HAVE GONE TO A COUPLE OF SUPPORT GROUPS BUT DID'NT HELP.  WHAT SHOULD I DO TO EASE THE PAIN?  
I'm so confused right now. DH has, I suppose, been depressed for perhaps years. He is not very sociable in some cases, but is normally quite happy around friends.  this particular disorder, how to make a marriage work, and how to stay strong throughout what may come again, yet be supportive of my husband.
I'm so tired and exchusted.sometimes I feel like running far away from my husband when he gets in his moods I break down from time to time.i love going to work that's were I get a break from it.
Hello friends, I am currently taking antidepressants (trintellix or others ssris) for pain control and neurological imbalance. I would like to ask you if you have noticed that, in general, anti-psychotics cause fewer side effects on cognition, focus, studying, or are usually much worse in terms of tolerability compared to SSRIS, SNRIS, TCA, etc. I just want you opinions, nothing technical since every person reacts differently to medication.
My name is Peggy Zager I am in my late 20's, I was diagnosed with Bipolar manic depressive last November.&nbsp; I have been on all kinds of meds from Lithium&nbsp;and Prozac to Zoloft to Wbutrin to several other medicines.
It sounds like you might want to try a new psychiatrist!  Why would your doctor change your meds so frequently?  personally, i've been seeing a psychiatrist after being diagnosed first as depressed, then as bipolar, for the last 9 months.  I've been only on two meds (lexapro and now trileptal added) and he starts out small and increases the dosage SOOOO slowly, like 1/2 a pill every 2-4 weeks.  As long as i'm responding somewhat favorably to the med he fine tunes the dosage until it's working at its best.  I feel confident in how he is approaching it.  Best of luck to you.
So, i got taken off the geodon that made me crazy and am back on haldol. I didn't really take it that long before and can't remember much about it. Has anyone had any experience with this drug? How fast does it work? I appreciate any stories. 
Hi Lilsismj,
Hi there.

yes quite. I agree there is great room for individual variable effects from chemicals or medicines. However, there is a serious issue here. I was not being treated for bi-polar, I did not take this substance voluntarily, in fact on both of these occasions I was not being treated for anything. I was being subdued.  haldol. When someone wrote to them, twice, stating severe harmful effects from one of their products, they did not say one word. As to the German self styled  &quot;clinic&quot; I was sent to from the jail. Well its one reason i have no desire to apply for citizenship to the EU. I will never be a citizen to a country or bloc of countries that use brain damaging chemicals against simple prisoners to obtain compliance. If they are willing to use such treatment against a white european with no serious charges, what is the length they would go to on someone else of different ethnic or religious background from them & with charges of substance against them??? But perhaps my dreadlock hairstyle at the time made them feel I was so different from them, or of different political persuasion, that they needed to pull out the heavy handed tactics. Unfortunately the standards for human rights on this planet have plunged once again to levels nearing those of thousands of years ago, of millenia in the past!
 
crazy,
Hi Crazy,Socks
Good evening,Socks
Hello everyone,
Hi Julia,Socks
HI,Socks
i am bipolar 11. my daughter has been visiting me from out west, and i cannot seem to keep a lid on my head. i feel as if there is a motor running inside of me, and i just can't come down. suggestions?
Hello and good health to all who read this. I stumbled across this site tonight and am glad I did. I was diagnosed as bi-polar 3 years ago and have been on a rollar coaster of pills to find the right combination. It is encouraging to me to know there are many of us out there in this world and I look forward to conversing with many of you.

Thanks Ami,
hi boyblue, Find some other way, as depressed as you may be, DON&quot;T do it!!!!
hi boyblue heard you were wondering about ect ami has basicly explained everthing,but i also had ect 5 months ago, i had no side effects with it.i thought i would be drowsy after the session but i was not.it did not help me but it does help many people.it is worth giving it a go.gaz
i am a 27 year old male,who has suffered from bipolar 2 for approx 15 yrs. both my mother and father both sufferd from bipolar,so i guess they passed it on to me. i have been on many meds over the years with without much success. the worst part of my illness is the depressive phase which normally lasts for over a year before i begin to pick up.gaz
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; just wondering about&nbsp;the chatroom never seems to be anyone in checked calender no&nbsp;mention of bipolar, anyone help
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; thanks&nbsp; again for your response ami,i am from england and the best time for me to chat is in the evenings.
&nbsp;&nbsp; I just got diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder. My doctor said he was not sure if it was I or II. What is the difference between these two forms of Bipolar?
I just found out a good friend of mine has Bipolar and is suffering terribly in her personal life. We do not live close, although I usually get together with her when I am visiting home. She avoided me twice last year and when I last spoke to her things werent right, although I just thought she was mad at me. 


Hi all, I am new here and have been looking for a place to vent and to read.&nbsp; My regular Doc said I have Bi-Polar and sent in a refferal for me to see a Pysc.&nbsp; He tried a couple of different meds, one worked for a week then didn't, the other put me to sleep and left me in a daze all day.&nbsp; By what I have read so far, I must have the cycling type because my moods go from one end of the spectrum to the other and back all in the matter of hours sometimes.&nbsp; I used to have better control but in the last couple of months, my control has slipped&nbsp; ,&nbsp;&nbsp; alot.&nbsp; Just a few words to start my rambles.
My name is Marie, I am 18 years old and am doing a psychology project on bipolar disorder and really would like some information. If anyone has information that they can provide me or direct me to where I may find some that would be extremely helpful. Even better would be if someone who actually has the disorder could get in contact me. Please send any information to Actingcat@msn.com. Thank you. Marie
 
My husband was just diagnosed as bipolar and also has crohn's disease.&nbsp; I was wondering if anyone of you had both or knew of a possible link?&nbsp; Thank you!


I also have UC.  And i'm bipolar and i have some OCD syptoms.  I'm actually going through a flare up as we speak.  and it's taking forever for me to read and respond becuz i keep getting up to go to the bathroom.  Depression is not any better when you have colitis.piggy
I have Crohns, I dont have bipolar but I have severe anxiety and depression and am on meds for it.

Hello All.
UNH,

Thanks for the kind words Olivia and Sukay.
Hi UNH,
It was a nice meeting, about 20 people.  My wife came with me, and we both had a chance to speak.  I think that I want to make it part of my healing, each monday night.  Thanks for asking sukay!  I hope that you are doing awesome!
I am a new member as well and could identify with all that you wrote.  I have struggled on and off with depression most of my life, starting as a young adult.  Somehow it helps to know that there are others out there struggling with similar issues, although the best thing would be to know that you are getting the help you need.  To other members - how long does it take to get stablized on Lamictal?
new to this bipolar stuff. seems i plummeted into major depression that rapidly cycled to nothing. then yesterday, like a bubble popped, i felt good, did dishes, etc, then back to flat on the couch watching fluff. got so bad that all i could manage was funniest videos or some such trash. used to show interest in things. now can't deal most of the time. t/w priest yesterday. feel like i'm letting everyone down. why can't i have a cast on my leg so people can see that i'm hurting and hold me, help me? not dealing well with dx of bipolar at all. have always feared it because of someone i know who has it, and i've seen him in manic state. really scared me. know i don't have that but still worried if i am doing something because i want to or if just manic. how do you sort it out? how do you know when cycling will hit? scared to go out into public for fear it will hit me. have had TLE for years, and took a while to get used to that, but those seizures are just self-punishment. this is worse. don't like the flatness. just went on depaikote & seraquel friday. does it ever kick in? lot of &quot;what ifs&quot; on this one. keep feeling guilty that i'm just pretending i'm sick so i don't have to do things that need to be done. afraid to ask for help. i'm too needy.  linda
&nbsp;I have had ulceritive colitis for 15 years, then during that&nbsp; period they diagnosed me bipolor, which really was triggered when on high does steriods and when my parents died, 
I hope that today is better for you.&nbsp; Life is so unpredictable, even during the same day, with lows and highs.&nbsp; It feels like a rollercoaster.&nbsp; Maybe the only way to cope sometimes is to accept it and ride it out until better the times come.&nbsp; 
Cherilynn.
i am so **** confused and in total denial of the whole mess.  sick of going to do one thing and doing another. meds both increased... lamictal to 25 mg and seroquel to 100... but not feeling any better. afraid to go out. afraid to even go to church for fear that people will see i'm not right, that i will cycle. all my plans, hopes for future are dashed. have to empty ira and hope for the best. but maybe i'm just lazy. fear and panic keep jumping in front of me. but then feel guilt that i'm making it up to not work, to be lazy. trying to get friends to understand, but still feel so alone. they haven't been here. neither has therp. don't want to go see her either. have appt. later today.
taking carbitrol for the temporal lobe epilepsy, effexor for depression,  lamictal and seroquel for bipolar, plus assorted others for high blood pressure, gerd and various artery/circulation problems. just got diagnosed with bipolar a couple of weeks ago. keep saying i'm just lazy and stupid and so don't do things. i go to depressed side more often than manic. break down easily/sleep/can't move. house is a mess. don't want to talk to friends because, as you say, they don't get it. not sure who is me, or did i do all i've ever done because i was manic??  linda
latest turn of events has me both relieved and shakier. both therp and pdoc agreed that i should put in for disability. spent an hour with each today. this  relieves at least some of the financial pressure i'm feeling. but then get hit with the guilt and self-doubts about not being ill. darn. wish messed up brain stuff came with a cast!
&nbsp; Can anyone tell me if adivan can actually make you&nbsp; more depressed or make bipolor worse, since I have been on it I am so depressed and then I try not to take it and I shake like a leaf, and it seem like the only thing that calms me down, 

Mary K., 65, now TX formerly WV and OH. NED for 7 1/2 years 
Sara, 47 Louisville, KY dx in 2000 had tram flap, chemo, er/pr-. so far so good.

Samantha, 31, dx 10/03, lumpectomy, chemo, 23 radiation treatments left! ER +, stage IIA Green Bay, WI 

Kath from down under (New Zealand) 58 @ dx 2003
Julie, 34, Arkansas
Amy, 34, in Northern CA, have a wonderful DH, STeve and 3 kiddos, Macy (6 on Friday, my little angel) Kinsey (4 and a beautiful princess) and Jackson(2 years old and ALL BOY!!) Diagnosed at 32 in Nov 2002 with stage IIA "tubular" infiltrating ductal carcinoma, ER/PR+, 3+ nodes, lumpectomy, chemo and rads. Now on arimidex after a hysterectomy/ooph in October.I also went for genetic testing(second in the family with BC) and tested negative for any BRCA mutations.
Joyce, Older than dirt. Pa. now. Originally from Va.  Diag. Nov. 98 A/C and then Surgery, Taxotere and Rads. August will be 5 years since I walked out in to the sunshine from having my last treatment.
Cathi, 54.. From the great State of Ohio..
Gail, 52, Washington State, dx on May 26, 2000, at 49 yr old, invasive lobular and dcis, right mastectomy in June, then left prophylactic mast in Sept.. ER/PR+, High S Phase, 35 nodes removed, all negative (thank you God).&nbsp;Lymphedema in right arm and chest. Saline implants (three times)....&nbsp;last time I went out of town (should have in the first place!) and now&nbsp;they are great! Just waiting to have tatoo's&nbsp;and then hopefully DONE with this other than Tamoxifen for about 9 mo more!
Erin, 35, from Toledo, Ohio (the cancer capital of Ohio), dx in Sept. 2003, stage IIb, er/pr - and Her/2neu +3, 4 nodes, had chemo, then surgery (lat dorsi flap and expander), now finishing up rads. 
Ellen, 38 for two more days.  Son, Matthew (4), married.  Live in Catskill Mountains, NY, born and raised on Long Island.
Peg, 52 (sigh), from Westerville, Ohio (born and raised in Fairborn, OH)Married 30 years this September (to same man, LOL!). 2 kids, son graduating from high school this year, and daughter graduating next year. We'll be poor for a while, thanks to college expenses.
Vicky, 41, New York. er/pr -, her2neu -
Christi, 39 now - will be forty in August and I am excited!, dx in April of 1999 when I was 34, ER/PR+, Her2neu -,&nbsp;double masts w/expander reconstruction, 6 months of A/C &amp; Taxol, no rads, currently taking Tamoxifen and will complete that in December, talking with oncologist about medicine options after that (Femara or Arimidex).
Luci, happily 57, dx'd 7/98, bilateral masts., chemotherapy, and tramflap recon.  Happy to be vertical each day.
Stefanie, 37, in Raleigh NC.  Three munchkins ages 9 (thinks he's going on 18), 7 and 6.  Married 15 years to dear hubby who my friends tell me is EXACTLY like the brother-in-law on comedy &quot;Yes Dear&quot; with the baseball hat.
Amy, 39, NY
Candy, 56 yrs old, dx'd 10 months ago, Phyllodes Tumor, mastectomy Aug. 2003.&nbsp; Cancer is gone and no chemo or rads where needed.&nbsp; I am blessed.&nbsp; From Westerville, OH.&nbsp; Born and raised in the same approx. area.&nbsp; Two children, one and 1/2 grandchildren and married&nbsp;for 34 years.

Glenda, 55, North Carolina.  Diagosed 9/97, er/pr+++, stage IIb, 2 pos. nodes, mastectomy, CMF for 6 months, radiation, tamoxifen for 5 years, now taking femara as recurrence preventative, 6yrs 7mos NED (knock wood).Married for 34 years, 1 daughter (26).  Very active in local ACS Relay for Life
Becky, 55, Virginia -- DX 01/07/2000, Lump, ER/PR +, Chemo, Rads, Tamoxifen.
Cathy, from the great state of Texas.

Angela, 45, now Louisville, KY formerly Louisiana &amp; SC. NED for 6 years as of May 14, 2004
Great idea Deb to put these here.................
(I thought I did this already!)

&nbsp;Sue,47, Maine just dx with dcis 2 weeks ago waiting for my Dr. to schedule a mri on both breast. to make sure that it is only in the one spot on my left breast. I really don't like the waiting much. I am a little nervous even though I know this is very curable. I just do not want this to come back.  
Paula, 42---New Jersey----dx at 39--atypical medullary invasive ductal carcinoma....er/pr neg....4 A/C, 4 taxol,I was Turbofuel on the village and just seem to have been &quot;absent&quot; for too long. Hope I can still come back.

Hi I'm LoisB,I'm 53, I had a steriotactic biopsy on Aug 5/04, 2 days before my youngest daughters wedding. Kick me when I'm down, I'll get back up again and fight all the harder.

Frayda, 50, New Jersey; dx 5/2000, bilateral mastectomy w/ reconstuction w/ saline implants, ovaries removed 4/2003.&nbsp; Very strong family history of bc: mother (twice!), sister, 3 aunts. Cancer was found on an experimental screening MRI; previous mammo and ultrasound were normal. 
Carol P, Houston, TX  50yrs, chrones fighter

Kim, 31 when diagnosed IIB in 8/03. ER/PR+.&nbsp;Her2-, 12+nodes.
Jenny, 31, 2 boys (9 and 2 1/2), Ludlow Falls OHJust doing some research because I have some tenderness/pain in one breast.  Can't feel a lump myself, scheduled for a gyno exam soon.  Mom died of breast cancer at 54 so I am gripped with fear right now.  I can't stop pushing on the spot where it hurts!  Is this how we find out?  Just a tender spot all of the sudden?  How do you deal with the fear and emotion?  Help!


Emmeria, 42 dx 02-05 stage 2b invasive bla bla bla ,-hr, Xeloda and taxol with surgery to follow then radiation
Susan 38-Just turned. NY Married to an amazing man.&nbsp; No cancer, but atypical lobular hyperplasia. Or Lobular Carcinoma in Situ OK, what does that mean? I thought Carcinoma was cancer?? Will go to the High Risk doc Monday to determine whether to go on Tamoxifen. Don't want to...it may hinder my ability to have kids. Nervous but happy I found this place.
My understanding is that in situ means it is contained and can be taken out easily, possibly with a biopsy only. I have the invasive kind and that means it has gone into the tissue.
Thanks for the reply-it was taken out, but Carcinoma is cancer and this is not cancer...I don't get it.

Kmonke - Kitty - 57 -live in SW North Dakota - diagnosed 7/99 after DH finding lump over Memorial Day. Had lumpectomy, 13 nodes (3 were positive), ER/PR neg, 2.5 CM Invasive Ductal diagnosis. Adriamycin and Taxotere as part of a study - 4 treatments over 13 weeks, followed by rads twice daily for 4 weeks.&nbsp; Have lymphedema in right arm, shoulder and back since shortly after surgery.This and former BC sites and friends from these sites are very near and dear to me. ALWAYS!

Dear Laure' and Stacy 
Christie, 45, Michigan
Jena - Cleveland, Ohio - age 33 - tram, chemo, radiation, diagnosed age 28. 5 years officially cancer-free 

Hi.  Donna, 45, from NY.  Dx 6-10-05 IDC ~ 1.8cm ~ grade 7.  No results for ER/HER.  Waiting to see surgeon.
Kathy - 47 Maryland, I surgery so far to remove lump, diagnosed 2 days ago with cancer. Haven't gone thru any kind of treatments yet.
Tracy, age 36, from Michigan.tracyrosetti@earthlink.net



Mary, lifelong Texan, living near Houston.&nbsp; Dx 12 years ago, stage I.&nbsp; Rad mast, implants and reconstruction.&nbsp; Tamoxifen for 5 years.&nbsp; 7 years later (Apr, 05) cancer reappeared, Stage IV mets, liver and spine.&nbsp; Now on Taxol, tumor markers are coming down!!&nbsp; Also on monthly Zometa.&nbsp; I'll be 64 December, 05.&nbsp; 

Susan...West Virginia...diagnosed at age 37 in 1994...mets in 1999.  Four children, married 31 years...will be the big 50 in September.
Clarice, Tennessee, Diagnosed with Renal Cancer 12/05... Is there another thread about
This seems like a good place for a first post :)Michelle




Kouradina, 58, Ohio, 3 yrs, plus 2 yrs out
   
dawn dg. feb. 2005, w/invasive ductal carc. stage 1,grade 3, lumpecty, 4 chemos, 35 radations, er/pr neg., 20 nodes removed all neg. but swellon, age 38 at the time,on no medication. live in montello, wisconsin. 
Hi, Diann 53 from Vegas. Just found a lump and got compressed mamogram and sonogram which rated me Birads 4. about 1 1/2 cm, hard with irregular outline and hypovascularity. Waiting for biopsy appointment to be scheduled (yesterday wouldn't have been soon enough for me - the hell is in the waiting) and scared to death, even though I know it may be nothing. But I have read through all the posts here from the beginning, and am amazed at the courage and humor I find. Praying that if I am diagnosed with bc I will have the grace of all the women here who have gone before.
Patty, age 45. Dx at 38 in 10/99. Stage IIB with 6 positive nodes, ER/PR+ lumpectomy then mastectomy, chemo, radiation, Tamoxifen for 5 years, Zoladex for several years, prophylactic oophrectomy (sp?) in December 2005 so I could take Femara which I started immediately and am supposed to take for five years.  Lived in NC when diagnosed, relocated to PA (Philly area) in August 2005.  So far, so good!  Happy and grateful to be here....I am living proof of the value of a second opinion and getting care at a top-notch facility! Not to mention an incredibly supportive DH, sister, and many friends.....
Hi Nora,
Hi..my name is Linda, I'm 38&nbsp;and I'm Pittsburgh, PA.&nbsp; I have 2 great children a boy age 8 and a girl age 7 and a wonderful supportive husband.&nbsp; I haven't been diagnosed with cancer, but have had 2 lumpectomies..one in 1995 and one in March of this year.&nbsp; They were both benign, thank God.&nbsp; I am very afraid of being diagnosed someday with a malignancy, and if it happens I hope to be as brave and wonderful as everyone I have met here has been to me.&nbsp; 

Good day all. I guess I may be in the wrong thread as I am a male, but I will explain. My name is Allen, 36, and currently reside in Northern California. The main reason that I am here is due to the fact that I am seeking information for my ex-wife who is 33 years old. She disclosed to me about a month to a month-and-a-half ago that she had discovered a lump in her chest and made me promise not to let any family members know. There is one thing that I immediately thought, she probably should NOT have gotten that breast enhancement surgery as it might have increased her risk for breast cancer. As far as my knowledge goes, breast cancer does not run in her family and she has not gotten a formal mammogram because according to her, the saline implant would present false readings. She stated to me that the mammogram will take place but in a few months in the future. What really worries me is that she's taking this so nonchalantly and I am the one who is deathly afraid for myself, her, and our two boys (5 and 3). I want them to grow up and when (or if) they have kids, their kids will be able to know their grandmother.
Thanks, Nora aka RubyShooZ. I've been perusing your blog and I must say that although I am not a victim of this ailment, sometimes I totally understand your own thought processes. A few times I would read your own thoughts on my monitor and wonder if I had not typed them out myself! Ha hah...*ahem*...pardon me.
Eve from California. Just turned 50 and fabulous! Diagnosed in 2006 had bilaterial mastectomy and hysterectomy. Went from Tamoxifen to Arimidex to Aromasin and having horrible side effects. Just started a new online business and have 2 dogs a wonderful husband and 3 gorgeous step-grandkids. Tested positive for BRCA. Had chemo before the bilaterials. Right now...trying to adjust to the new me.
Patti, 55 yrs old, dianosed April 2005, chemo, surgery, radiation.  As my husband says on my second life.  Surgery showed no cancer.  Still going through reconstruction surgeries.  Walked in The 3 Day last year, Walking again this year.  Have a Daughter, 2 sons, 2 grandsons and a granddaughter... I walk for them and all future generations.  Sure would like to see this gone. One benefit from walking, showed me I was back.  Not that I ever did this before, but in some ways I am better than before.  Every day is a blessing and I try to enjoy them all.  God bless you all in you struggles.
 
Glenna B., 51, Oklahoma awaiting Biopsy results.
Marge,  Nebraska for all of my 62 years! 11 years and 9 months NED. Had ductal invasive cancer with 1 node (which was perinodal). Bil mast., no reconstruction (keep my GIRLS on back of toilet at night). did chemo, radiation and tamofixin and femara.
Theresa , 60 yrs young. Kalkaska Mi. dx in Aug. 2008. Lumpectomy in left breast and two lymph-nodes positive . Had surgery, Chemo, radiation and currently on arimidex and prolia.I am young and enjoying life
I recently had a mammagram,,,which was not done on time because they were backed up because of weather,,I have been called in for a special view mammagram and ultrasound on my left breast,,which I am having to wait for because they are so busy ,,and the waiting is starting to really get to me so I thought maybe asking some questions might help.&nbsp; In the report it said I have dense breats and that it made it difficult to make sure if what is showing up on the screen is just calcium deposits{I think thats the correct term},,it said they appear to be benign. I spoke to my nurse and she said that they need to take a better look to make sure they are benign. I guess my question is how often does this happen,,how likely is it ,,that it could be cancer?,, I have researhed dense breasts and found that women with them have a 75% more chance of getting cancer,,and that facts like ,,starting your period at an early age,,and not breat feeding add to the chances,,,any help on this subject would be greatly appreciated while&nbsp;I wait to go back.
My stereotactic biopsy had benign results.  However, I had severe bleeding and pain and ended up in the ER twice afterwards; I was told I had a hematoma.  My entire breast was black and engorged with blood for six weeks; the incision site oozed blood for 4 weeks.  No treatment was recommended at the time although I sought several physicians' help.This is not debilitating pain, but it keeps me awake at night and at times hurts enough that I have to lie down.  It also makes me reluctant to pursue future preventive scans on my breasts due to fear of another adverse result.  I'm hoping someone has some advice to offer me.  Thanks in advance.
i am so sorry Eimme! that is a truely genuine sorry. i am so newly diagnosed myself that I cant give you and advice or tips i feel so bad about that hun! All i can do is try to comfort you and be hear to listen to you. I see you say this happened after your Biopsy i had no idea that this could happen from a biopsy, apperently I didnt fully understand everything they were saying to me. I didnt have anything like that happen, althugh contrary to what they said it did hurt me a lot =(. the first needle was fine the second holy moly!! they should be grateful i let them do any more after that but they did and i got my results. I am having to wait to see my specialist, i get in on the 8th of this month I thank God for that, so i can relate to feeling like not doing anything to fight the cancer, that is a real sun of a gun and the helplessness and fear is incredible! Please come back and let me know how you are doing and vent or cry or sit in silence or have a happy moment our feelings are what they are and i can accept the good the bad and the ugly no problem, what ever you need to do I am here i check in every day that I am home, if i miss a day or something it is because i am seeing the Dr's, but i will be back =) Big hug
Okay, so here's an update....so now it's been 3 1/2 months since biopsy. I am still getting twinges of pain on that side. I still feel a little bump from one of the hematomas and if pressure is applied, it is sore. Not too bad but enough to know the soreness is there. Now with that being said, I'm not sure if this has anything to do with it, but I did start my period 8 days early and it was lighter than usual and only lasted 4 1/2 days which normally mine go 6 days. Anyway, the discomfort on the side where my biposy was can be any where on that side nit just at the biopsy site. Really? This long afterwards? Will it ever get better?

Thank you. thank you. thank you dear friends for all your prayers&nbsp; and and many cards,,,,,,, They have helped me get to where I am today. After 69 days in the hospital they certainly helped. Right now I am at a rehab facility learning to walk and take care of myself all over again.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There is a computer here for patients to use&nbsp;so I will be able to check in once awhile. I hope every thing is going well with you, my dear friends...............Love&amp;hugs, MaryT&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Mary..How wonderful to see you posting. ..! I think about you often

Mary,
   
Mary, it is so wonderful to see you post again. MK said you are one tough cookie, and you sure are showing that you are. Keep us posted on your progress. Prayers that you are home again before long. Hugs, Lauri 
Hi Mary, you sound wonderful.&nbsp; Keep up the good work and we'll keep those prayers and cards coming.&nbsp; Hugs, Libby
Such a welcome and wonderful post! You hang in there, Mary.  Love and hugs...bev
this past week my mom-in-law and my sister's sister-in-law were diagnosed with breast cancer.&nbsp; Can you believe this crap?&nbsp; My Mom-in-law is severly overweight.&nbsp; 300+ ... so surgery is out of the question since she has heart problems.&nbsp;She has&nbsp;known about this for a couple of months now but we just found out this past week.&nbsp; &nbsp;She will not do chemo because she watched Tony's father die from leukemia.&nbsp; So... not looking good.&nbsp; She is going the Susan Somer's route.&nbsp;&nbsp; All&nbsp;herbal products.&nbsp; She is a Cherokee Indian and several medicine men are praying for her.&nbsp; Hopefully the mass will shrink.&nbsp; 
Oh Annette, I'm so sorry.&nbsp;&nbsp;What a lousy week.&nbsp;&nbsp;I will keep your mom-in-law and sister's sister-in-law in my prayers.&nbsp;&nbsp;Holding you tight, Libby&nbsp; 
Thank you... and thank you for the post card.&nbsp; I meant to post about that and ..... no excuse comes to mind so it was bad manners on my part. It made me chuckle and the card made me long for the desert that I consider my home.&nbsp; 

Dear Annette,
Annette, I am so sorry that your MIL and SIL were both diagnosed.  Will keep you all in my prayers.

Oh Annette, I am so sorry to hear this. What an awful thing to happen to any family. I remember when my SIL and her mom and I all had it at the same time. Its really is overwhelming, not just for you but also for those around you. I will keep them in my prayers. Prayers and good thoughts. Joyce
{{{Annette}}  I am so sorry to hear about your MIL and SIL.  You hang in there and I will keep you and your family in my prayers.
(((Annette, Annette))),  I am so sorry to read this news.  Come here often and pour out your heart.  I'm praying hard for everyone.  Love, Luci

Thanks for the words of support.  I know this will be a great comfort to me over the next who know how long.  I guess I'm in this for the long haul, huh?  I look forward to all the advise you all can give me.
Let us know...also, check my post to you on the other thread. I will be at Newark tomorrow, will I be able to see you?&nbsp; Independence Air to Dulles, terminal A.....
Luci, keeping your and your hubby in my prayers, waiting to hear your results.Sara
I bet Luci was exhausted last night and we will hear from her today.  At least I hope so.  I, too, am anxious to hear what that thing is..................  and to know her husband is being taken care of, too.  Hugs MK
Hi, Everyone, MK, you're exactly right.  My MRI finished at 6:45, I went back to the hotel and fell into bed.  I couldn't do one more thing.  It was a very long day.
Hi Luci,

Adding to the good wishes, Luci.  I also love peanut M&Ms.  I have some sitting on my desk in front of me.  Take care of each other.
Luci,Love, Kitty
Hi All,
Di, What a lovely gift, I am sure you will treasure that shawl forever.  There is a walk in Louisville this weekend and another Making strides against BC the 24th.  I too will be carrying our group picture in that walk.  They don't have a survivors walk, but just the same I will take you all with me.  Good to see you here.
Tell us more about the shawl ministry.  It sounds interesting.  I love to knit and perhaps that is something I can do.  Hugs MK
Hi Connie,
Just rmembered I had an email from Connie saying she was going to the dr today and off to see her family in MO tomorrow for a week. So you probably are not going to get an answer until she returns.  Let's say a prayer for a safe journey for Connie and hope she has a wonderful visit with her family.  And a prayer for your friend Kathy that the treatment works well.  Hugs MK
Connie,Jessie
&nbsp;
My hat's off to those who travel frequently for work, this was one tough week! I left home at 8:00 Sunday morning to fly to DC for a layover, then to Newark. Made it to my hotel amazingly without incident. I had dinner with my oldest friend, we have known eachother since kindergarden. I had not seen her in 9 years and had never met her 2 kids (6 and 4). Monday was in Mt Olive, Tuesday was Teaneck (and getting lost) and then into NYC, Wed was East Hanover (early!), then left there at 4 to Newark and landed at 10:15 in Detroit (layover).&nbsp; It was 11:30 when I got my dog (who missed me silly!) and 12:15 when I finally got home. 
Welcome back, Lori. I find the older I get the less I like driving in heavy traffic especially on freeways. The traffic on the east coast really got to me when Mother and I were there last June. So confusing when you are not sure where the freeway ramps are and which one you need. I hope you get plenty of rest now that you are home again. I'll be Tavish was glad to see you, too. Hugs, Lauri
I can imagine your relief at being home and even more poor Tavish's relief.  I am going to my mother's next week for a week and am already dreading leaving my dogs.  Especially Heidi who has bad congestive heart failure problems.  She is taking Lasiks.  I am sure DH will give her the Rx but am concerned that she will be wondering where I am. she seems to want to hang close these days.  Most afternoons I have been sitting and holding her. 
Lori,Sorry I missed you on your trip to NJ! Let me know the next time you come east and we'll try to connect.  Last week I went to a meeting in San Francisco and I called Joany (Buzz4hope) and she came to meet me for lunch.  We a had great time! She is a beautiful person! Glad you made it home safely! L&H, Frayda
Tavish was soooo happy to see me...he spent most of the 4 days under Leigh's bed. He refused to come out most of the time, and when he went out, often refused to walk. He took care of business inside a few times, and ate little. When he saw me, he spazzed out and was so excited, it is just so cute to see his joy! He is totally normal again, did not seem any worse for the wear.
I've been MIA on the board with good reason...I've been in the hospital!!&nbsp; The nausea and vomiting that I was having just did not go away and kept getting worse, so last Saturday my doc admitted me to the hospital.&nbsp; They did a bunch of tests and put me on higher doses of decadron and discovered the worst possible cause... brain mets.&nbsp; There was only one visible spot, and I have had no other symptoms like headaches or blurred vision, but my doc still thinks it may be the casue of the nausea.&nbsp; I started whole head radiation yesterday.&nbsp; I feel like Frankensteins's monster.&nbsp; After 14 days of this I will probably have the gamma knife thing too.&nbsp; I'm still a little numb from this and my family is devastated.&nbsp; My Dad met my onc at the hospital Tuesday night and followed him into the hall when he left to make him tell him FOR SURE I was going to be OK.&nbsp; He and the radiation onc both say the treatment is very effective, but I have to wonder, since this thing seems determined to spread everywhere, how realistic is is to expect too much more time.
Oh Carla, I have been concerned that we have not heard from you lately.  I was hoping that it was because you were just busy.  I am so sorry to hear your news.  You know that we will all be here for you when  you need us with support, prayers, hugs, a kick in the behind for whomever, just say what you need. I wish I could do more.  If there is anything you you need that I can help with, please let me know.  Hugs MK


{{{{{{{{{CARLA}}}}}}}} I am so very sorry to hear this news. I am just so tired of so much bad news! Please know that I am praying for you and that the gamma knife does the trick! Geez I hate this dam^ed disease!!! Love and hugs, Gail
Carla, I'm sorry to hear this news.&nbsp; I pray the rads and gamma knife takes care of this.&nbsp; Continuing prayers for strength, healing and hope.&nbsp; Love and Hugs, Libby
Carla,
Carla, I am so sorry to hear this. I am so glad you have your dad in your corner. If our Connie says one spot is hopeful you know she knows. I will be doing some prayers and thoughts for you. Special gentle squeeze from me and give your dad a great big hug from me. He is special too. L&H Joyce
Carla, I too am sorry to hear of this setback. The others have seemed to fare well with the same treatment you will have, and I hope the same for you.  Sending giant cyber hugs...and please tell your DH that you will need a little more rest during rads...
Oh, Carla,

Carla, I am so sorry to hear your news. I will keep you in my prayers. Rozanne
Carla,Kitty
Carla,I'm so sorry you're having to deal with this. But I do agree with Jessiecat: let God handle SOME of it, anyway. It's hard to do, especiallly with a person as strong as you obviously are. And you ARE  strong,  because you're beating back a monster, one punch at a time. Hang in there.
I got a post card today for a teleconference on Monday October 11, at 8pm EST.&nbsp; You can get more information at  or 212-206-6610.&nbsp; "Learn more about the effects of breast cancer treatment on a young woman's fertility as well as parenthood options and pregnancy after breast cancer. Q&amp;A to follow.
I'm on my way to onc at 3:00 to do blood work and get results of PET scan.&nbsp; My blood work has been good and onc expects good results but my last PET led to 6 tx of Taxotere and Adriamyacin so I'm scared.&nbsp; I know the drugs and docs have done their job.&nbsp; Pray for my nerves - I hate getting reports.&nbsp; I'm relieved when they're good but until I get them - I'M SCARED!!!!!&nbsp; Sorry to be a baby.
See I read the good news before I read this post.  So I know you got great results and can tell you now not to worry until you know you have something to worry about.  That is my favorite line.  Hugs MK

Totally love it. Now that is what I call something to smile over. How about your son? Did you pick him up at the airport. How was he. Lots of love, Love ya lots Joyce
What a great card and message.  Thanks for sharing.  Love MK
Just got back from onc.&nbsp; PET scan is NORMAL!!!!!!!!!&nbsp; Blood work is normal!!!
(((Hi Teresa))) &nbsp; I'm so glad your PET scan and blood work came back normal.&nbsp; Isn't that a wonderful word - normal.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think the hardest part is the waiting.&nbsp; Every Sunday&nbsp;I light a candle in church&nbsp;for the Healing Well bc support board members.&nbsp; Hope you can feel the hugs, Libby
Thank you for sharing your good news.  I am very happy for you!  And we sure needed some good news around here.  Prayers that you continue to do well and stay happy.... as you are today.  Hugs MK
 
Normal is good, I'll take that in a NY minute.  Glad to read this and happy for you.  Hugs, Luci
Anyone know her music? I have several of her CD's and really like her music. Today it was announced she is cancelling the rest of her tour to undergo surgery and treatment. The little bit that I read indicates that she may already have been undergoing treatments, and that it was caught early.
I heard about her on the news.  What disturbs me is the flippant way they say she has breast cancer, it was caught early and after treatment she will be fine.  It is great to be positive about treatment, but making a blanket statement like she will be fine certainly give the public the wrong impression about breast cancer being easily treated.  I hope she is and I hope that her cancer was caught early, but I think it would be better to let the public know more about treatment possibilies and outcomes statistically.  By making the statement she will be fine gives the impression all you have to do is go through treatment and presto ................. which we know is not always the case.  Hugs MK
Jen? Cathi?&nbsp; Anyone else undergoing tests, procedures or tough times?
I know I need to call about Mel again.  I think about it for several days before I get the nerve to call.  It just seems so incredible that she has good days and bad days and our energizer bunny keeps booming along.  I have been wondering about Jen Possible, too.  It's been awhile since we have heard from her.  Prayers for all our special friends facing treatments and tests.  Hugs MK

Oh no Shelley not more waiting! You don't need this around your birthday or any other time! I will be sending out prayers for chicken wings, legs or anyother piece of poultry! Hang in there sweetie! L&H, Gail

Shelley..Big time prayers for &quot;Chicken Bones&quot; ..we will be with
Chicken bone vibes and booga booga dance....that is comparable to the nekkid candle dance...
Have a wonderful day my friend and eat plenty of 
Yes, and let the ice cream be a really rich Ben & Jerry's flavor...or something obnoxiously good from COld Stoen Creamery.
Doesn't every birthday feel like such a victory?  I never used to like birthdays, but now I LOVE themBEV
Happy birthday dear Glenda, happy birthday to you.&nbsp; Hope you enjoyed your special day doing things that make you smile.&nbsp;&nbsp;Hugs, Libby
Happy Birthday Glenda,I wish you many, many more wonderful birthdays. They are great aren't they! Are you having a chocolate cake? Have one with many, many layers. And, what are you drinking with it? Hugs, Di
I am still pretty nauseous and I don't know how much more I can take.&nbsp; Saw my onc yesterday and both me and my DH left feeling a little discouraged.&nbsp; We are starting to feel that he is grasping at straws because he thinks the nausea should be much better or gone.&nbsp; I feel like people are starting to think I'm faking it!&nbsp; He had no rememdies except more drugs and more tests.&nbsp; I have to go in at 7AM Monday for an endoscopy of my stomach and then Tuesday for a CT of my chest, abdomen, and pelvis (which means drinking that stuff which will no doubt make me puke).&nbsp; If anything significant is found then I will probably have to start chemo immediately along with rads.&nbsp; Just don't know if I can do it.&nbsp; I don't feel like I have anything to look forward to anymore except more of the same: treatment, illness, puking, fatigue.&nbsp; And my DH gets mad because all I want to do is lay around and "not try".&nbsp; I can't help it.&nbsp; I have no motivation or inspiration left in me.&nbsp; I just want it to be over.((((Hugs))))
Oh Carla, your post makes me feel so sad, wishing there was some way I could help.  I learned that brain tumors or lesions can cause nausea and sometimes high temperatures when I was looking in my medical book about Denise's problem.  I didn't know that before. Are your doctors considering this?  You know after surgery there is a suppository they give you to knock down the nausea, wonder if that might work in this case?  I can't imagine always feeling so sick.  It must be horrible.  Husbands just don't have a clue sometimes.  What can I say, mine gives me a bad time sometimes, too.  Grrr.  I will keep you in my prayers that someone finds relief for you.  Hugs, MK
Hi Carla,

Carla,I will pray for you. Love, Di
&nbsp;
[Moderator Note:&nbsp; Leo,&nbsp;Thanks for the resource, we ask that rather than use the forums to &nbsp;and we'll be sure to review it for our visitors.&nbsp; Thanks.]
  &nbsp;First, let me say there is no tumor and that, my sweet friends, is a "very good thing."
Way to go Luci, as usual you are on top of it!! Definitely agree that a second opinion is in order! No one wants to have surgery to find out what it is, especially on your leg.............. sounds like muscle area and not a good place to be cutting to find out what is there.  Hugs MK
Oh, Luci, I am so glad it is not a tumor! Whatever &quot;it&quot; is, I know you will be able to deal with it and the consequences. As always, you sound like you are on top of everything. So glad you got good news. Hugs, Lauri
Hi Luci,What a relief! I'll take that no tumor, but I wouldn't want surgery until things were more definate,especially when he said that he hadn't even looked at the complete picture as yet. That would really bother me too. You are on top of it for sure. Love and prayers, Di
Luci, I am very glad it is not a tumor!!!Jessie

'm liking the second opinion idea.&nbsp; It did me good, hopefully it will do you good.
Luci I am so glad to hear it is not a tumor! I agree on that second opinion! He hasn't even looked at the films and is recommending surgery?!! Good grief!! I'm glad you stood your ground! L&H, Gail
Yippee!!!  And the second opinion is the only way to go.  As always, your take-charge of your own health mode is inspiring and educational.  Recommending surgery without even seeing the pictures is astounding to me.  Here's a thought - have you noticed that your pants or skirts have gotten looser??  Maybe it's just a little hip fat moving down!  LOL - a good thing.  Love, Glenda
Luci, I am also relieved that a tumor was not detected on the MRI. However, remember that no imaging modality is definitively diagnostic; it just gives the doctor information. Some types of imaging techniques are better for soft tissue while others are better for hard tissues.&nbsp;The new digital imaging techniques are highly specialized and need to be read accurately&nbsp;by the radiologists.&nbsp; Whether your doctor has or has not seen the films himself may not mean that he is a bad doctor; he most likely cannot "read" the MRI and is relying on the skills of the radiologist to interpret the study.&nbsp; He may not be jumping into surgery blindly, but rather wants to see with his eyes what is going on and biopsy anything that appears unusual.&nbsp; You know the drill: a biopsy is the ONLY way to know what something really is! Even though medicine has come such a long way technologically, there is still a lot of "gut feelings" that guide our physicians to take one coarse or another, and that just comes from experience.&nbsp;A second opinion is certainly in order, especially since you are not comfortable with your original doctor's recommendation. I just want to share with you some perspective from the "other" side. I really do hope this turns out to be just another pork chop bone! L&amp;H, Frayda
Luci, tell your second opinion onc to look for something kind of t-shaped....like a pork chop bone, right????Love, Peg
  &nbsp;(I think I have mixed emoticons.) I had bilateral mas. Sept. 14 for lobular invasive BC. Good news: no lymph node involvement.
Hi, glad to see you back! One day at a time...BC is manageable!  I would encourage you to keep close tabs on your mood, and maybe ask someone close to help monitor, but I bet you will do great! Most of us that have gone through chemo are likely to say that the fear of the unknown is the worst part of it. Once you get through it the first time, you will pretty much know what to expect. I did 4 AC and was so fortunate, with very few side effects. I was prepared for the worst, and was happy to not come close to it.  I worked full time, minus about 3 days during each chemo cycle.  It is just me, no kids to take care of, which also made it easier.  But I never was nauseous, never felt puny or sick. A little tired the first couple days and then back to normal...with a few extra little side effects, such as acid reflux.
I will be praying for you.&nbsp; I've just finished my chemo.&nbsp; It sucks but it's what we do to survive and fight this evil disease!!!&nbsp; You CAN do it!&nbsp; We will all be here for you to talk whenever you need and will be constantly praying!
Hi Tracy,
Today we had my wonderful daughter's 6th birthday party .&nbsp; We had about 7 of her little girlfriends and several of their Mom's are dear friends who hung around to help.&nbsp; We had play time and a fun craft and ice cream cake and goodie bags for all.&nbsp; Everyone got along great and had fun.&nbsp; She loves all her new gifts and got great craft things we can do together.&nbsp; My wonderful sister in law Mary is here and helps in so many ways.&nbsp; She is always ready to listen AND do laundry , dishes and rub me down with lotion!
Becky,
Becky, It is so great that you have support like that. Its wonderful having all these precious moments and I am so glad the dh could get a month off. Hope you have a great time fishing. Glad to hear you think the eyes are doing better. Love hearing from you. Sending hugs and prayers and lots of good wishes. L&H Joyce
Becky, glad your day was wonderful.  And your daughter's birthday is the same as mine!  Libras are interesting people.  You must remember to WATCH HER CAREFULLY!!!  LOL Glenda
Becky, it is great to see your post.  Your husband sounds like a jewel, and your children we know are very dear because we got to see them.  Being surrounded by such a wonderful family has to mean so much to you.  Your sister in law has been so great for you.  She is an extra blessing of your family. You deserve all the kindness and love you are getting because you are one terrific person.  I will continue to pray that your treatments really do some good.  Love you, MK

Wow Good luck. Sounds like you are one busy woman. L&H Joyce
Hey Ellen, don't worry about us here, we can hold down the fort while you get that d dissertation finished.  You are carrying a very full load.  You need some deep breaths and relaxing.  Prayers that you can finish in time and in good shape physically and mentally.  No rubber room, lol.  Love, MK
...and thanks to you all for your good wishes.  I stop in weekly for updates, but those of you who know me know how many &quot;hats&quot; I'm wearing these days in the work department.  I haven't figured out if I do all this for the money or to just stay so busy so as not to think about bc!!  My bd was a good day.  I actually didn't even think about work, was taken to dinner, received nice  Love to you all and in honor of Connie - Seven years and 1 month - Glenda
Glenda, celebrating your birthday and NORMAL with you.  Happy Dancin here.  Good to see you post.
Glenda, thank you for your nice post. What a nice group of health care providers you are seeing!!!! It is incredible that they would pray with you and call you to let you know right away that everything is normal.  I am sure that is because you are such a nice person and they appreciate you.  

I bet that is a reason my jaws hurt so much. Not that I am on those meds right now, but it said just treatment in general could cause jaw pain or something to that effect? But then again, I clinch my teeth alot. I try not too, but I don't notice until my jaws start to hurt. And then that gives you headaches. HHHMMMM.........osteonecrosis......never heard of it. But I will bring it up when I see them next. B/c I was going to get a mouth piece or something for the night b/c I really clinch them then.
Shells, I have had a mouth piece for about 10 years, and can't sleep without it. I am a bad clencher, and we discovered it when at age 23, I had 2 teeth that both required root canals. Seems I was hitting them too hard and, and when I clench, I also rock my jaw a little. I have had no problems since getting it, other then wearing it down too much!  It helps a lot for me.
I have checked on all of you this past week, but it has been a little busy around my house.&nbsp; My oldest DS was married last Saturday, Oct 2, and my niece was married yesterday, Oct 9, in the opposite end of the state.&nbsp; We survived both and welcome a new DIL and nephew to the family.
Glad all is well, Kitty! Congratulations on all of the good things happening lately in your family.
Wow Kitty,^j^ ^j^
Oh, Kitty, how exciting!!! Being a grandparent is just the best!!! Our Melanie Rose was just here for four days, and we had such a great time with her. Glad the weddings took place without a hitch. We sure have had wonderful weather, so they must have been wonderful. Good luck with making the decision about the mast. I can imagine that this is a really tough decision to make. Just trust your instincts. Hope you and Leon get to the cities this year so we can share a fun lunch again. I will be looking forward to seeing wedding pics. Hugs and love, Lauri
Hi Kitty,
Glad to hear the weddings went well and you held up fine.  I sure am not going to offer any suggestions on the question of more surgery or not.  I'm sure you will make the right decision for you.  Prayers that you can decide easily.  Love MK


Shells, Frayda makes a good point, regarding evaluation from the dentist. I would suggest getting an evaluation first, and then determine if you can buy a drug store bite plate or one from the dentist. I have a feeling that one from the dentist will be much more comfortable for sleeping. It will be less bulky and custom made for clenchers, not just for football players getting clocked in the head.
You just load that plate up with those brownies and ice cream and and have at it. Have a&nbsp;special day&nbsp;lady. Hope you have a wonderful time today. Spend all his money tonight in Margaritaville. tee hee
Hey Shells, Happy Birthday, hon.&nbsp; Hope you enjoy yourself today.&nbsp; Hmmm brownies and ice cream, I'll be there.&nbsp; Big Teddy Bear Hugs, Libby
Brownies and ice cream? Count me in. Ok, count me in for the margaritas too!
Count on me to help with the Margaritas and brownies!  Sounds like fun.  Happy Birthday, Shelley!
Save some for me. My favorite is a mango margarita. It goes down so easy and it would be great with brownies. A great combination. Happy Birthday, Shelley. Hope you had a great day. Hugs, Lauri
Ah, a birthday and a margarita; what could be more fine.  Shell, have yourself a wonderful b'day and the best margarita you can find.  Birthday hugs from here, Luci

 
Once again I am a day late and a dollar short.  Let me wish for you a very special day after your birthday!  I hope you had a wonderful day yesterday and hope today is equally wonderful.  Hugs and prayers always, MK
Tomorrow is my 6 mo onc appt. I don't expect any problems but you all know how that still is not written in stone. So please may I ask for positive thoughts and prayers? You always come through for me! L&amp;H, Gail
Positive vibes, coming your way!  I'm sure all will be fine, but it is good to get that stamp of approval!
It's always a worry, isn't it. Gail? Sending postive vibes for an uneventful trip to the onc. Hugs, Lauri
Even if it was your 6 YEAR appt. you'd still be anxious.  I guess it just comes with the territory.  I'll be thinking of you.  Sending you big hugs, Luci
Good Luck Gail!!!!Jessie


I really can't help you as I was hormone receptor positive and am on Tamoxifen. I don't understand why you would have to take out your ovaries if you are not hormone recpt. positive. I know there are ladies here who can answer this, but I'm sorry I can't. I would like to welcome you though and say you are in a great place to get support and information. I am sure you will get some answers here. Hugs, Gail
Hi and welcome, Hollying! Mine was also a stage IIA (2.5 cm, node neg) but I was strongly ER/PR+. I am in my last 8 months of Tamoxifen, which followed 4 chemos of AC and rads to the breast (had lumpectomy).Lori
Holly, I can't answer your questions either since I was hormone receptive and took Tamoxifen for five years. I just wanted to welcome you to the board. I am sure someone will give you some feedback on being ER/PR negative. Good luck. Lauri

I really don't have any information to help you, so I will just say welcome and let the others share their knowledge.  As you can see there are others here who have the same type of pathology, like Jessie and can help.  Hugs MK
Hi Holly,I will share anything I can with you. I am leaving for Chicago though and won't be back until Sunday. I may be back on the board before I go though. Hugs, Di
Welcome!

Hi Stephanie and all,Well, it's like everything else. We take the information we have and make the best decision we can. Hugs, Di
I called and talked to her mother in law today and learned that Mel is pretty much status quo. Some days are better than others.&nbsp; She said today she was in extreme pain and they could not move her head.&nbsp; She felt they had let the pain get too strong before giving her medication, but it is difficult to tell when that is happening when she sleeps so much.&nbsp; I told her to give Mel a hug and tell her we are all still praying for her.&nbsp; I told her I should have called earlier but I guess that I was afraid to call.&nbsp; She said she understood, sometimes she is afraid to go into Mel's room or even to close her eyes.&nbsp; Mel is certainly incredible.&nbsp; Hugs MK
Thanks, MK. I know it was a difficult call to make. This is just so sad, Mel has been so strong, so positive and has fought so hard. Keeping her close in prayers and though, Lauri
Dear MK, I know that call had to be hard to make. Thank you for the update and I will always keep Mel in my prayers. She is one really neat lady. L&H, Gail

Hugs to you, MK...and prayers for peace, comfort and rest for Mel.

Everything looks normal (as normal as I can be anyway, LOL). I have one more appt in 6 mo and that will be very close to my 5 yrs (HOORAY!) so that will be the last other than once a year. He said I could then see either him or my PCP. That sounds good to me!!!! Thank you all for your support, you all are the best!!L&amp;H, Gail
Woohoo Gail!  
  &nbsp; Hi Gail,
Wow, Happy Dance here. I am so happy for you. Congratulations! L&H Joyce
Happy Dancin here in central Ohio Gail.
Now, THIS is really nice news.  Glad that appt. is over and all is well. Hugs, Luci
Gail....Happy Dancin here too!  
Normal is a great way to be. Glad the news was good. I know how relieved you must be feeling about now. Hugs, Lauri
WOW. The light at the end of the tunnel wasn't an oncoming train. Congratulations!! Best of luck; choose the good looking doctor is you have a choice (LOL). Tracy

Gail- YIPEE!!!  Congrats to you and that 5-year mark isn't far away!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well, it's that time for me, too. I'm at 4 1/2 years. I'm usually not nervous, but this time I am. I've been having horrible problems with what seem to be my allergies, but you know how it is -- I've convinced myself it's back in my lungs. When does it get easier?!
(((((HUGS))))))). When DOES it get easier?  At various times in my career, I too was sure I had a recurrance. Several times in both breasts, in my lungs (allergies/ post-nasal drip), my brain (TMJ), my bones (rad side effects)...I do hate that everything has to be something for us to worry about.
I'm not sure it ever does get easier, Julie, but I do know that you're doing real well.  That appt. will be very crowded because we'll all be with you.  Sending you hugs for strength.  Love, Luci

{{Julie}}}  I will be there too!  We all know how you feel.  Like Cathi said, every ache and pain we expect the worst now.  But I am sure you will get a good report and we will all be dancin with you too.  Keeping you in my prayers.
Julie, I will keep you in my prayers that you get a clean bill of health.  I know how frightning it has to be for you younger girls.  I wish it wasn't so.  The answer has to be found soon.  Hugs MK
Just want to add my good wishes for an uneventful visit. All I can say is Ditto to all the other advice and words of encouragement that you have gotten. Hugs, Lauri
Julie, I'll be there too.&nbsp; I hate that we can't have a little ache or pain and not have to worry about it.&nbsp; I'll be packing my prayers and caramels for the PCE.&nbsp; You'll do just fine and we'll be waiting to hear the good report.&nbsp; Hugs, Libby&nbsp; 
Julie, all positive thoughts and crossable body parts crossed (prayers too) that checkup was normal.  And I agree that it doesn't get easier at each visit, but the longer out in remission, for me, and hopefully for you, it has gotten easier NOT thinking about it in between.  God Bless - L&H Glenda
I haven't posted in awhile, but I have been keeping tabs on everyone. I have been sad about some postings, but very encouraged by others. 
Good to hear from you Sam! I will be hopping on the PCE next Friday and I will bring chocolate for everyone! Prayers it is nothing but a squishy pork chop bone! L&H, Gail
Hi Sam.&nbsp; I'll be there Friday too.&nbsp; Prayers from here too that it is nothing but a squishy pork chop bone.&nbsp; Hugs, Libby
Hope the lumps are something simple like fat cells or fluid moving around. LOL.  I will be with you in spirit. Hugs and prayers. MK
I'm for plain old scar tissue around the port.  Look for me on the PCE; I'll be the one with the M&M chocolate peanut candies.  Hugs, Luci


Ellen-
E-l-l-e-nnnnn, way too much info. here, LOL.  I'm with Lori on this - get thee to the gyn., pronto.  Hugs, Luci


Ellen,

Then brownie chucks it is!!! Keeping the prayers coming for you Shelley so hang in there sweetie. L&H, Gail
Shelley, so glad that Katie will be with you ...Please know
I am glad you have Katie to go with you, too.  You know we will all be there in spirit, but it is good to have a special friend to talk and keep your mind off things while you wait.  Give Katie a hug from us, will you?  Hope your results are Brownie chunks, too.  Sounds much better than pork chop bones or chicken wings.  Love, MK
{{Shell}} I am really trying to diet here, but in your honor...I will eat Brownie Chunks with you...  ohhh geeezzzee twist my arm!  
Shelley, glad Katie is going with you.  You're right about DH, MIL or Mom.  Somehow our friends know just what to say.  Keep an eye out for the PCE though; you'll know us by the pink feathers in the air.  Love, Luci
Yesterday a package came in the mail from Miss Jessie.&nbsp; The very first thing I pulled out of it was a pink boa.............&nbsp; Just my style, not too fou fou.&nbsp; So next time the PCE heads off, look out here I come.&nbsp; Now I just need to find something to go with it.
It was my pleasure MK!Jessie
Shelley is having mammo and ultra sound today. Thought maybe we could drag those pink boas out, between Katie and the pink boa parade that should keep shelley smiling. Shelley we will all be there. Wish you lots of luck and love ya, Joyce
I'm on board!  
Count me in!&nbsp; Praying for brownie chunks.&nbsp; Hugs, Libby
Pink boa and feathered hat in hand, here I come!
Me too, I'll be there, Shelley.  Joyce, bless you, for remembering to file the PCE's &quot;flight plan.&quot;  Where would we be w/out our Capt. Lemonz???  Hugs, Luci
Reportedely increases risk for stroke!&nbsp;
I read the side effects of the drugs I take and it makes my head spin..! Hopefully the benefits outweigh the side effects. As with so
OK- I booked my PCE flight for Nov. 18th!Love, Jessie
I have chrohns disease so I usually read the posts there. Last week I went to my doctor for a physical and he found a few lumps in my breast and also when he touched the top part it hurt really bad and he said it feels like a mass or something like that. I have a mamagram on Monday followed by an ultrasound, I am really scared because I have never had one done and I'm 41. I am praying that their only cyst but what scares me is the pain when he touches there. What will the mamagram and ultrasound be able to show? There is no breast cancer in my family but I hear that doesn't matter. Anyone have any advice that will calm my nerves. 
Hi Krista, welcome! Sorry you are going through this scare right now.  About 80% of breast lumps are benign. Lumps can be solid (tumor) or fluid filled (cyst). Most cysts are benign, and most tumors are benign, called a fibroadenoma. There are a few other benign conditions too, and cancer is one of the least likely situations. You are right, family history has little bearing. Having a history in the family might make you more sucesptible, but regardless, it is most important to check out.

Krista, Lori gave you a lot of good, solid information. Just wanted to extend a welcome to our board and wish you luck. You are doing the right thing in getting these lumps checked out. I hope breast self exams and an annual mammogram become a routine part of your health care program. At 41 you should be having mammograms on a regular basis. My lump was papable (you could feel it), and it showed up on the mammogram. The surgeon said it had a classic cancer shape, so when he told me the biopsy was positive, I was sad but not shocked. Sending you benign wishes. Please keep us posted. We are here for you no matter what the outcome. Take care and good luck, Lauri


Krista,  Rita gave you great advice.  Just take a deep breath and like MK would say...don't worry till you know you have something to worry about (or something like that)  Hang in there and keep us posted.
Krista, we all seem to agree that the tests and waiting can be very nerve wracking. Try to take 1 step at a time, which is easier said than done.
Krista, the waiting really is hard!  Worrying won't change the results, I always tell myself...so I try try try to think of other things. Hopefully the word he used was fibroadenoma, which is simply a benign tumor. Still it is best for it to come out, so don't panic just because they refer you to a breast doc.  The mammo and u/s will give the specialist a good picture and idea.
Krista, just wanted to say I am waiting with you along with all the other friends here. Hang in there hon! L&H, Gail
Just wanted to add my hugs to the waiting game.  It is terrible to wait.  Seeing a breast specialist is the best way to go, so it seems like you are being well taken care of.  Hang in there and we can help when you need us.  Hugs MK
He's says I look "great". I am going to see an ENT to see about clearing up this allergy/sinus crud. Also, I am going to have an EKG just to check my heart. I requested it -- I just feel like since I did A/C I ought to make sure there wasn't any damage. Can anyone tell me about this procedure?
{{Julie}} I am sure you do look &quot;great&quot;!  so glad that appt is over and everything is good.  I don't think there is much to an EKG, if I am correct they just put little stickers all over your chest and record your heart activity.  If that's not right I am sure I will be corrected in record time.   Happy Dancin in Louisville 
HOOORAYYYYYYY! Great to hear that news Julie!! Celebrating with you! L&H, Gail

Great news!  As Jessie said, EKG is piece of cake.  I too look askance at docs who say &quot;cured.&quot;  Though in my heart, I pray it's so.  Nail polish remover will take off the glue - if you can stand the smell!!Glenda
What fantastic news Julie!!!!!!! Way to go sweetie!


Shelley,


Hi - 
Actually- here is the WHOLE thing:Gene microarrays, a new tool to measure the expression of thousands of genes simultaneously, are being used to develop a system for classifying tumors. In the future, the “molecular fingerprint” of a tumor may allow us to conclusively determine the tumors most likely to benefit from hormonal therapies.
Thank you, Jessie. I have an appointment with my breast surgeon next month for my mammagram and I will take this with me. Love, Di

Jessie,
Hi, Kathy, just wanted to stop by and add my welcome. This is a caring place to come and hang out. Hope you find it comfortable and friendly. Hugs, Lauri
Gail,
Hi Ladies
No info, but glad to see ya! How is the arm? Is the infection healing?
Lori and Deb
Cathi,
Sweet Cathi,  I only knew that Aromasin was involved in controlling estrogen in some way.  I looked it up on the net, and this is one of the sites that was pretty informative.Love you - Glenda

Cathi, I am on Aromasin. I have only been on it for about 3-4 months. I don't have any side effects really. I have hot flashes, but they are not bad at all. Plus, I am going through chemopause too. But I have heard great things about it. So I am praying it keeps me safe for a while.
Hope you got some ok news....brownie chunks all the way!
Yeah- I was thinking aboutya too!Jess
Well I am going into overtime prayers for you Shell- NO MORE CANCER FOR YOU- you are done. Jessie
Shell, we will all be waiting with you tomorrow.  Crossing everything that it is just pork chop fragments.
It has been a while, I have been busy organizing the strides in my town; getting my little one off to kindergarten, the oldest in second grade (sigh).....volunteering for FORCE, etc, etc,
Hi, nice to see ya! Glad that things are moving right along for you and especially that the tests suggest just a bone growth.  Getting it out is a good idea too, hopefully it will be an easy surgery and recovery.
HI Kim so glad to hear from you. What a busy life. Please take a breath when you get your bone taken care of and pop back to let us know. So good to hear from you. Joyce
  ,&nbsp; I have an aunt (Connie)&nbsp;whose birthday is appropriately in October, same as mine.&nbsp; She's very special to me.&nbsp; This week she had her 79th b'day.&nbsp; 
I'm blushing, I should have typed 1957.  At any rate that's a long time ago.  Hooray for survivors!!!! Luci
Luci, thanks for sharing! It is proof that many women will never face a recurrance and really are cured!  

No one missed my birthday, it's not 'til the 31st; I'm a Halloween baby born in the hospital elevator.  Fortunately, it was going up. LOL!  Hugs, Luci
Yes, I think Julia Child was in her 90's and had survived for many decades after BC. My colleague's mother had it when he was a teenager, he is nearly 50 now, and his mother is still living.  
Thank you Luci for that! I think we all needed to hear about such a vibrant and great lady who has really survived!Jessie
Luci, thanks for sharing that story.  I hope she had a wonderful birthday.  I didn't know you were born in an elevator!  Happy early birthday....



I am a dog person through and through. I never 'got' cats, but I am overly empathetic for dogs. My dog is my baby, he is so devoted. I have had problems with him and other people, so he is far from perfect, but he is so perfect for me.

Annette, I am so sorry about "Nikki dog." I know what a hole you feel in your life right now. I remember when my son's dog Babe was sick and we had to put her down. Here was this 30-something guy stroking her head with tears flowing down his cheeks. He had Babe for 14 years and she was his best friend. She is buried on grandpa's Iowa farm. Everytime Peter goes down to the farm to hunt he takes a few minutes to visit her grave. My sister has lost three beloved golden retrievers, and grieved with each one. Somehow those four-footed critters&nbsp;have a special place in our hearts.&nbsp;So, I really know what sadness you are feeling. You should be so touched that Jordan shows such spirituality. What a good job you and Tony have done raising her. Time will ease you pain, but the memories will linger forever. Sad hugs, Lauri  
Annette...I am sitting here wiping my eyes as they are leaking!  I am a dog lover and have two right now.  I can't imagine losing one of them.  How sweet Jordon must be to go out and say a prayer.  Sounds like Nikkidog had a wonderful life and is now watching over you from above.   Sending hugs your way...
Annette, I can see you, Jordan, and Tony with Nikkidog. I am a true animal lover. I ordered the tape, Animals in Heaven and sent it on to my horse loving cousin. I grew up with a collie, a relation to one of the Lassies. My last dog saw me through a divorse and now my cat has been with me through cancer. I am so sorry that Nikki dog is not in sight now but I truly believe that you will see her again. Love, Di
I don't know how to react, how to show emotion to the news I received from my parents today.&nbsp; My grandfather on my dad's side has Liver Cancer.&nbsp; This December-- December 2004 he will be 94 years old.&nbsp; Janny-- his wife my grandma and my uncle his son Bill hasn't and isn't going to tell him until Monday.&nbsp; He had surgery the other day to remove what docs had thought was a benign tumor in his intestine or somewhere, only to find out that it was actually malignant.&nbsp; The surgery to remove it was a success and my grandfather told my uncle that he will live until he's 100!&nbsp; Docs have told that he can live 2 more yrs. comfortably or 5 years with intensive treatment that may not be quite as comfortable.&nbsp; He has one other brother adn was 1 of seven in his family (g-pa's family).
Hello,
My best friend is in therapy, has a psychologist, a psychiartrist, as well as family docs.  I just don't think it's fair that she has to deal with all that she's dealing with.  Her grandfather recently passed away and the funeral was a week ago tomorrow. I have now pretty much given up on everything and keep to myself-- especially my feelings and emotions.  I have practically lost everything in a way because all of my friends are scattered around the US because of college (Ole Miss, MSU, NO, WI, AL, etc.) and I only have really 2 friends left-- my friend with FMS and my friend Casey who &quot;engaged&quot; to her boyfriend.  I don't want to intrude when it's the two of them because I feel like the third wheel-- plenty of experience with my sister.  I don't think I'll ever really find someone who will love me for me and understand what &quot;sickness(es)&quot; I do have adn not let that &quot;scare&quot; them away.  In a way, I think that I ruined a pretty good chance of starting a relationship with a pretty cool guy... yeah.... he was about 4 years older than me but he was gentle.  I think the main reason I didn't really go for it was for the fact he worked wiyth law enforcement and I don't trust law enforcement... the only person I do trust who works for police is my friend with FMS husband; however, I'm still somewhat scared of him... :/  I have not much of a reason to carry on; to accomplish my dreams (become an ADA) and get away from my mother's grasp.  With this site and these forums was by accident when searching for information on FMS adn other &quot;diseases&quot; that some of my friends have.  I have nothing!



Please remember to be respectful in your posts to one another.  It is sometimes easy to misinterpret the words of others, even when someone has the very best of intentions.  Thanks for making this a supportive and caring place.  
&nbsp;

You said it Jo-Ann. I got really angry at the Relay for Life, too. A truck had a sign about attitude. Well mine was bad. A mile of lighted bags.Let's see, a good attitude! My friend with me was diagnosed 21 years ago and still no cure. She can't believe that she is even still here and no cure! Impossible. Hugs, Di



(((((Shelley)))) I am so sorry that you are going to go through this yet again. Courage, my dear. We are here for you. Hugs and love, Lauri
Oh Shelley, I don't know what to say! This really su#ks! And to have to wait on top of it! I am so sorry. You vent all you want hon, you have that right. Please know I am praying for you, L&H, Gail

Shelley, I am so sorry I was gone yesterday. Geez..... You have my number and when you need to yell, you feel free to use it. Thats what I am here for. Love ya, and talk soon. Joyce
Oh Shells....Darn, darn darn, darn! Crud!  I am so sorry you have to deal with this again. I think the only way to know if it is a new primary and unrelated tumor is a biopsy, when they look at the cell traits. It could be a regional recurrance or a new unrelated one.  
 

Oh Shelley {{{{{{{{{{HUG}}}}}}}}}}
Shells,
Shelley:
So sorry Shelley, keep strong and you have all my prayers. Love, Cyndy

&nbsp;I'm one of those who took Vioxx for a number of years for osteoarthritis.&nbsp; My PCP recently switched me to Celebrex.&nbsp; I'll be honest, I filled the rx but have not taken a single pill.&nbsp; After days of mulling and "noodling" this around in my head, I've decided to skip the Celebrex all together.&nbsp; I'm going to just take Aleve. (in a couple of years there will probably be something wrong with that one too.&nbsp; Vioxx and Celebrex are once a day drugs.&nbsp; My PCP told me that Bextra is 2x's a day.&nbsp; I don't know what the right answer is here or if there even is any right answer at all.&nbsp; I just know that I'm more comfortable taking Aleve OTC than getting involved with another drug.&nbsp; I called my cardiologist and am waiting for a call back re: my new plan.&nbsp; Just this morning on the TV "crawler" there was an announcement from Pfizer that they've decided to fund a clinical trial to test Celebrex and its effects on heart function.&nbsp; Hmmm, one more ingredient to go into my "noodling" soup.&nbsp; Hugs all, Luci
Ladies, I am on Bextra also. I have heard some things about celebrax too. I would not doubt at all that Bextra will soon be considered the same as they are all in the same drug category. I know that Vioxx sent my blood pressure sky high and I never had high blood pressure before that. My Dr took me off it because he was worried I would have a stroke. Of course, Vioxx is the one that worked the best for my pain, but Bextra comes close. Whaddya do??? I get to the point I can hardly walk if I don't take something and nothing else I have tried (which is a lot) works. If you discover anything, please let me know! =) Love you all, Gail

Well, I'm still on the 200mg. twice a day too Rozanne. Nobody  is going to get it away from me without a fight. Hugs, Di

So if anyone has emailed me etc, I am not ignoring you, I just cant get to it

Cathi,
Hi Jo-Ann


OOoh, I like that, the tech spilled some jelly out of her doughnut!  Really though, I will put your &quot;Yankee Fan&quot; status aside and be on the PCE to hold your hand on Friday and muster all the positive vibes that I can.
((Vicky)) I'll be there!Jessie
Vicky:
Vicky,
Vicky, I can't be there seeing as I have my own appointment with my rads Onc the sameday. But you will be in my thoughs as we both are trying to get away from that little black cloud that follows us! :) I hope it is jelly from a donut....mmmmmmm, donuts! ( in the voice of Homer Simpson )
Vicky, I do hope you get some good news! Sending positve thoughts your way! L&amp;H, Frayda
(((((((((((Vicky))))))))))))
Vicky--
I am not quite sure how long it has been but a few weeks ago I was facing some decisions and whined to you all about being tired. Well if you remember my tumor marker has been increasing just kind of creeping along. I have it done monthly and my nurse practioner who moved away said when it got to 60 we would worry, well, 60 came and went, then 70, then 80 then 90 then 100 and over the last two months it's climbed up to 150 so yesterday with all your words of encouragement I started Navelbine to go along with the Herceptin. I decided my girls and my grandsons still needed me around to make cut out cookies ( I have not passed on the secrets yet) Thank you all for all your positive reinforcement and encouragement you give me when I'm feeling sorry for myself. (I have never been the strong one) I love you all. Also anybody that has had Navelbine I would appreciate any comments. I have not had any naseua but had the chemo sleep (sweatin, clammy, restless) little bit of off taste and the literature said one in ten will loss their hair. Thank again all of you. Love and hugs, Cyndy

Thanks Jo-Ann...

A cyst is fluid filled, and a sonogram should be able to determine if it is solid, fluid filled or what. It has to do with bouncing sound waves off of solid objects.  Not sure how it all works though...
Hi Stef,
Jessie-


Thanks so much.  Having my sister here with me has helped keep my mind off of it.  I was toiling with the decision of whether to have both removed, but have decided not to.  I'm comfortable with that decision now.  I go in at 6:30AM and I think the surgery will start around 9AM.  The only regret I have is that my sister leaves the next morning back to Ohio.  Her trip was planned before the date for this surgery was set.  Oh well.  At least she's here for this one.


Hi Kathy



Kathy, I will be there too!  Good luck and think positive!  Sending hugs and prayers your way.

Wishing you an easy time tomorrow and a quick recovery. Please know that we are all wishing you well. Hugs, Lauri
Kathy:  I am there with you.  All will be fine.  We Breast Friends will be holding your hand and asking for guideance for your Doctor's hands.  Please keep us posted.  Your are right, knowledge is power and we need all the power we can get.  It makes us stronger and confident to help heal and move on with life.
Do we have Kathy's address someplace, maybe MK????  A card shower might be nice for her.  If anyone has it, please email me.  My addy is on the address list.  Thanks, Luci


{{{{{{ELLEN}}}}}}}} You are in my heart and prayers dear friend. I'm sorry you get to play the &quot;waiting game&quot; again. I don't blame you for being cranky! Hang in there sweetie! L&H, Gail
Well Crap!!  I will have you in my prayers and thoughts.  (((Ellen))).
Think Candy about said it all. My feelings exactly. Let me include a big old bear hug with our waiting. Hugs Joyce
Oh Ellen....I can't believe this!  Sending major hugs and prayers your way.  Hang in there and we are all here with you.
(((Ellen))), There is a risk of endometrial cancer with tamoxifen.  While I was on it, my gyn ordered pelvic u/s AND vaginal u/s's every 6 mos.  To this day I believe it was those repeated u/s's which saved me from dealing with another type of cancer.  The uterine lining thickens markedly while on tamoxifen.  Did you have a baseline u/s when you first began tamoxifen???  Ask you dr. what the u/s showed in millemeters re: the uterine lining.  If it's in the 7.5 - 9 mm. span you need to address this issue now.  For me once it passed 7 mms.  I had to start thinking about whether or not I'd continue the drug.  The gyn. agreed with my decision to discontinue taking it once it passed 7.5 mms.  My onc., however, got very huffy when I told him I wouldn't be taking it any longer.  He told me that &quot;we don't worry about anything until it's at 9 mms. and then you'll have a hysterectomy.&quot;  We parted ways after that appt.; I felt he was crass and disrespectful of my needs.  His mantra about tamoxifen was &quot;but it's a good drug.&quot;   It IS a good drug, just not for me.  Hope this helps.  Hugs, Luci
Elllen,I'd be more than cranky. I don't like pain! You are in my prayers. Sorry you have had to do this and hate the wait. Hugs and more hugs, Di
Ellen,

Hi Sweetheart,

Jessie, I love you!!  Your posts are always right on.  I am liking that way of thinking (that this ynkefan has a special in and is getting her prayers heard).  
Oh, Vick...I am with Jess....that is why I said I can muster all my positive vibes for YOU, but none for the Yankees.  I have been less than fond of NY teams since I moved from NJ to Houston in 1981, and the Mets beat the Astros in that wild Series run that ended in a 16 inning game, not in the Astros favor.  Now I am rooting for the Astros all the way, first time ever if they make the Series.
I just talked to my brother in law Steve and he said so far so good but has not hear too much as three hour time difference.&nbsp; I will found out more later.
Annette, please wish her well for me. I am so sorry I missed that post last night and didn't give her a proper send off!Jessie
hey there Jessie- I saw your comment about the cysts ("If you have a tumor all types of sonograms can pick it up. Unlike a breast sonogram, a pelvic does not miss things. They clearly see the ovaries, uterus and even the thickenss of the uterine lining.") and I had a question... do sonograms pick up ov ca in the early stages?&nbsp; I am so confused about&nbsp;ov ca and WHY they say it is "virtually undetectable" until a Stage IV.....doesn't that mean sonograms *can't* pick up abnomalities??&nbsp; 
I think the stat that &quot;most OVCAs are only caught at stage 4&quot; is based on the fact that a woman doesn't have any SYMPTOMS to warrant getting a pelvic sonogram. So by the time she feels pain, the tests are done and they see the tumor it is already at stage 4. jess
Well, friends, on Oct 19 it was one year since our Susan passed away.&nbsp; Lots has happened since then; some of most loved sisters have joined her, Peggy, Leah, and Pat.
Wow!  It's been a year already?  Thanks for the update, Luci.  How exciting those weddings must be.  I'm sure Susan is missed by all who attend.
Wow, a whole year. I was thinking of her recently too, and thought it was around now that she passed. In fact, I think Juliejar's passing was around this week too, but 2 years ago.&nbsp; Susan's mother once lived in the suburb where I live today, I just thought of her when I was in our downtown, and picked up a brochure. I was always looking for pictures of our fabulous downtown here, she'd never believe it.
Thanks, Luci, for sharing this. I miss her too--she was such a HOOT. So much has changed in a year...
Luci,
Wow, Luci that was a great post. Thanks so very much. L&H and Thoughts for all Joyce
Hey Luci,she made me snarff my Diet Pepsi ??..LOL
Luci:  Thanks for sharing and for suggesting a group hug.  I didn't really know Susan, but I know she was loved by many.  
How ironic that I should read your post today, Luci. I just came across Susan's recipes for the Dunkin' Platters and brownies that she brought to St. Louis. I also have pictures from Myrtle Beach of her with Joannie and other pics with Laurel and Peggy. How blessed we are to have had their friendship. Thanks for the update. Hugs, Lauri
Let's all raise a glass of wine and munch a Cheeto or two in Susan's honor! We all loved her, who wouldn't?? Hope she's in the 62-degree section of Heaven! (Remember how cold she kept our suite, Luci???)Peg
Well, I am back from the doctor! They still see the simple cyst that I had looked at back in May. The new lump I felt appears to be just a thickening of tissue. My surgeon as well as the radiologist could find nothing on the ultrasound that indicates a true lump!!
Wonderful news, Sam!  Hope you celebrate your good news today.  Take care.
I have been taking Tamoxifen since June of this year. My period has been pretty weird over the last year with all the surgeries, chemo, and radiation, but I have still gottena period. It usually varied between 30-45 days in between.

Sam, it is hard to say. I started Tamoxifen at 31 and now have 8 months left (yea!). My periods have been very regular throughout chemo and tamoxifen, which surprised me. My GYN said that sometimes it has one effect or the other on periods, and it seemed to make me more regular than I was.
Sam, if you were irregular before the Pill, who knows what this will do to your cycle. I had been fairly regular but long cycles, maybe 33 days or so. When i went on the Pill of course I was regular, but I went off when I was diagnosed in 1999. Somehow, I never skipped a beat, going right into chemo and then Tamoxifen.  I am actually a little more regular now than before the Pill, so my gyn said it is having &quot;an estrogenic&quot; effect on that part of my system.
I am not going to read one post tonight or I won't stop.&nbsp; I need to get some sleep bad......... stayed up watching baseball playoffs and visiting.&nbsp; Had a great visit and will report all that tomorrow.&nbsp; Love MK
I was for the Red Sox, too and first night I watched was with my cousin from Boston, last Sunday. Having his company was even more fun.  I am reading posts and am still totally worn out, so will read all before responding to any.  Tomorrow is another day. LOL.  Hugs MK
Things are rough in this quarter, MK.  Glad you're back.  
Boy, is it me or is that new anti-spam feature a P.I.T.A? I don't have the energy or patience to wait it out (when I read &amp; want to reply quickly)&nbsp;so I just leave. I understand the reasoning but grrrrrrr LOL
Thanks, Michele. I wish what you wish. Nicely said.
Praying for Mel. May she feel peace and love.Jessie
Also, AMEN.   L&H, Gail
I guess AMEN is really all that can be said. L&H Joyce
Mikki, thanks for letting us know how Mel is.  She is amazing and will be kept in my prayers.
Mikki..Thanks so much for the update. Mel has been on my mind so much these past few
Michele, thank you for the update on Mel.  You are a blessing and a good friend to her and us.  Adding my &quot;Amen&quot; to your lovely prayer.  
To which I can only say &quot;amen.&quot;  Thanks, Michele, for the update.  Hugs, Luci


Ditto what Jessie said Shell.  So glad you had that checked and have a plan of attack.  Always follow your gut.    And, yell at Jessie's neighbor for me to, ok.
Shelley, you always amaze me. Love ya, Joyce
ER+ even after being on ovary-shutdown? What are the chances of that? I guess it goes to show that nothing we do is 100%. We can reduce chances of things, but nothing is for sure. Drats.  But in comparison to all you have been through, this sounds like just a little bump in the road. We'll be there with you every step, but I think you'll be  great!
I know you must be grateful for your gift. I am a strong believer in going with my gut, too. It has saved my a$$ in more than 1 situation.
Crap is right!!  I pray that all goes well for you and that chemo can wait till after the holidays.  
Hi Shells,
Hey Vicky?
Hi Jessie.  Had Dr. visit, boy was my room crowded!!.  My tumor markers have dropped 5 points to 40.  We decided to do another cycle of Navelbine (thats 3 weeks on 1 off) because we want to get the most mileage out of this one before switching. The lesion(s) were so tiny on the ct scan they were too small to characterize.  He gave me a scrip for the MRI and I will do that by Mid November.  Now, I just have to find somewhere that can access my port for the injection.  Seems all of the open MRI places do not.
So Vicky, this sounds like pretty good news? Nothing definitive either way...so not for sure what kind of jelly spots are on your liver?
I saw your post yesterday and didn't get a chance to say hello.&nbsp; Hope you are feeling okay.&nbsp; I always find it amazing how fast you are sent home after your have a breast removed.&nbsp; Geez louise.&nbsp; I will post more later.&nbsp; Is Steve coming out anytime soon or is he waiting for you to start chemo and them make the trip?&nbsp; 

Hi Kathy and welcome.  I was away when you started posting and have not yet caught up on all the posts I missed.  It seems there is some connection between you and Annette, but I haven't read the post yet that tells me about it.  LOL.  Annette has been with us since the beginning.  We have a great bunch of ladies here, not a lot in CA but many in OH.  I live in TX now but from OH and WV originally.  You take care and do not overdo it.  That is the biggest worry to me when they send people home so quickly.  Most of us don't have sense enough to take it easy at home.  Glad to have you with us, but sorry you needed to be.  Hugs and prayers for a great recovery.  Mary K.  MK

Kathy, glad to hear that you are recovering so quickly. It is amazing what our bodies can endure and bounce back. It is really good news that the lymph nodes are negative. But, then you know that. I hope your recovery continues to be uneventful. Good luck with the next steps. Hugs, Lauri

YOU WISH! 
No, not on the west coast.  I'll just have to settle for watching the Cowboys shred the cheese heads.  Sigh.  Enjoy the game for me.

I'm sure it will, Ellen.  Be good to yourself, and give Matthew an extra hug for me.  
Ellen,
She passed away last night, that old congestive heart failure hit her hard about two and a half weeks ago and she was back in the hospital.&nbsp; I felt so sure she was doing well after her post I sent cards rather than calling.&nbsp; All last week while I was away I was thinking of her and Melody and wondering how each was doing.&nbsp; Susan, Mary's daughter, said she would post later, I am hoping she will post details for her service.&nbsp; I will take care of some flowers for her.&nbsp; In the beginning of our internet breast cancer support&nbsp;there was Maryr, Mary T and Mary K................now I am the only Mary left. Sure makes me thankful for the blessings in my life.&nbsp; Hugs MK
Oh I am so sorry, but she fought so hard and so long. I am privileged to have met and hugged her in St. Louis and will never forget her strong character , love of life, and ....just spunk.Becky


I walked today in the Making Strides Against Breast Cancer.  I thought of all of you and still somehow had a heavy heart.  Little did I realize that we had lost yet another precious sister.  Dear God, please help someone find a cure!  Mary T's family you are in my prayers and thoughts even thought she is in a much better place, it is still so difficult.
Sending prayers and thoughts for Mary's dear family.
Susan, my sympathies to you and your family.&nbsp;&nbsp; Comforting hugs and prayers,&nbsp;Libby
Mary T. also was a member of the &quot;St. Louis Gathering of 2000.&quot; That's where I met her. I think about all the beautiful women who were with us that weekend and so many that are now gone. There are so many. All I can do is echo Sara's prayer, &quot;Dear God, please help someone find a cure.&quot;
Susan, my deepest condolences to your family.
Susan, my heartfelt sympathies to you and your family.  Mary was a special person.  She and her DH were the very first people I met at our very first meeting in Cincy.  She was sitting on the sofa at the Inn when Peg Gray and I walked in.  Peg had met her and knew who she was.  She was excited about meeting everyone, and I was excited about meeting her.Hugs, Glenda
Such lovely messages for such a great lady.........I didn't call Mary often but when I did it was always great to talk to her and we could really talk.  The last time I spoke with her was last spring just before our Louisville gathering.  She wanted to come so badly, but she had a grand daughter who was being confirmed and an old dog that she didn't want to leave for long.  I wish now I had called her when I got back from LV and talked to her more.  She truly will be kept in our hearts with fond memories.  Prayers for all of you, Mary K.

Mary's obituary is found at
Thank you MaryK for the link.  Please also check tomorrows seacoast online for a more detailed obituary.Susan
Thank you, Susan, for your post.  Your mother was pretty special as you've probably already gathered from the preceding posts.  My thoughts are with you and your family as you all go through this difficult time.  Sending you healing hugs, Luci
Oh my heavens.&nbsp; I thought I had deleted the attached message when I "borrowed" an email for the addresses.&nbsp; Kitty sent me a reply and it shocked me that I saw that I did not.&nbsp; I did not mean to do that at all and sincerely apoligize for it.&nbsp; 

No problem Annette, I guessed what happened.  Been there done that.  LOL.  You are a good friend, Annette.  Love MK

Love you, honey. Just keep swimming--we'll all be right with you holding you up from under the surface of the water when you need it.
Shells, more stress! Who needs it?  I am glad your DH is going to get some assistance, I'm sure your health and the move have not been easy on him. I still believe that sometimes it is harder on the loved ones than on us...especially men who want to 'fix' things. He can't fix your cancer, but he can fix how he copes.  We're all here for you, remember that!
{{Shells}}  You can scream, vent or whatever you need to do here.  That's what we are here for.  We will be with you like Mikki said, so you hang in there.  Keeping you in my prayers and thoughts.
Shelley:
Hey Shells
Shelley, yikes, talk about a full plate, I'd call what you have an overflowing platter.  Hooray for your DH for seeking counselling.  It's so impt to dump all the negative on someone else, but that someone else needs to be appropriate to the situation.  A therapist surely is that. LV sounds like a great idea.  Be sure to tell me when you're coming I'll come downtown to meet you.  That would really be fun.  L&H's, Luci
Hello Everyone!!!
I can't wait to start hearing from you lovely ladies soon!  Take care
Hi, my name is Carol and I am new to this site.&nbsp; I am 38 yrs old and my question is; I have a VERY tender lima-bean sized lump directly behind my nipple.&nbsp; I can actually feel a lump&nbsp;just by rubbing the nipple area, but there is no redness, swelling, etc on the outside of&nbsp;my nipple.&nbsp; It feels mobile and again it is so tender, that's what brought my attention to it.&nbsp; I am not breast-feeding or anything like that, no family history of bc.&nbsp; I do have a drs appt tomorrow but I am so worried.&nbsp; Has anyone ever had this/heard of this,&nbsp; does it sound like it might be something serious?&nbsp; It's hard not to panic when you find a lump, esp in the breast. I would appreciate anyone's input!&nbsp; Thanks in advance.

Carol, JoAnn gives good advice.  Also, keep in mind it can be just plain old nothing! The lump could be normal lumpy tissue, and a coincidence that there is ternderness there.  80% of breast lumps are benign, so the odds are in your favor.
Carol,
Let's see your appointment is today.  I sure hope you will get back with us after and let us know what your doctor says.  IMHO the best lump is the lump removed so you know what it is............  I will keep you in my thoughts today and hope you are getting good testing and good advice.  We are here to help explain and support you.  Yes, I am known for saying, &quot;Don't worry until you know you have something to worry about.&quot;


Kathy, you sound great.  Isn't it amazing that you can bounce back from surgery this way?  Back in the old days you would still be in the hospital with everyone fussing over you.  LOL.  Sometimes I think the old way was better.  Don't overdo, eat well, rest a lot and let the healing take place.  We are here to hold your hand through whatever treatments you go through.  There is a wealth of experience here and someone has been there and done that no matter what way you go.  Hugs, MK
I am twenty-three years old, found a lump in the upper right quadrant of my&nbsp;right breast slightly lateral to the nipple. Saw the doctor today and he is very hopeful that it isn't cancer, but two of my family members have had it and died. He called for a sonogram, and after reading a little bit more about this procedure I am curious as to the accuracy of "false-positives". Please respond with any help.... Thanks....
Kim mentioned that FORCE is holding the annual chat-a-thon.&nbsp; Sue is going to be in a TV documentary on breast cancer tonight on Discovery Health. Here are details:
Some of the door prizes; I am donating a Timberland Blankie, and a Walmart gift certificate.
I hope some of you tuned in to the show and saw Sue.  I really learned a lot and it was great &quot;meeting&quot; Sue for the first time.  She is one of the first people I met on the internet.  I was checking out three breast cancer boards when I first found the internet and she was on at least two of them.  LOL.  Hugs MK
Dear Friends,
I just tried several times and am getting a message the page cannot be displayed.  Any ideas?  MK

Yahoo Ellen!!!!!!!!
Fantastic Ellen!!!! So happy to hear the word &quot;NORMAL&quot;! Happy dancin' in WA for you! L&H, Gail
Now that Normal word is a beautiful word. As for as that word opinion.... You know what they say about opinions! L&H Joyce
Ellen, It's great to get normal results! I know how you feel about reducing your risk.  I went through a similar ordeal last year with my ovaries and finally opted for the oopherectomy.  Some people thought I was crazy to go through another surgery, but no one but us understand the worry and fear that we can't ignore.  Take this for what it is worth, but it did bring me peace of mind. (((HUG!))) Frayda
Ellen, NORMAL is sooooo good.  Hooray for you.  Hugging you, Luci
So glad to hear the Normal word.  Hope you are feeling better now and the black cloud is gone.  Love MK

&nbsp;

Several months back when I talked to Leah on the phone, she told me all about her mother.  She loved you very much, she was so proud of you and knew that you were there for her and appreciated that.  She was a beautiful young woman.  The world has suffered a great loss in her passing, as you well know.  I am so glad I got to meet her in person in Louisville.  She was truly an inspiration to all of us and much loved by everyone who met her in cyberspace as well as in person.  It certainly is to your credit that she was so loved and admired.  Come anytime you feel the need to &quot;talk&quot;, you are most welcome.  Susan's mother posted for awhile after her passing and still corresponds with some of her friends.  Other's keep in touch with Julie's Mom.  We have lost some truly remarkable young women in our group and with each passing I think it gets harder.  Hugs and prayers, MK
  &nbsp;I was wondering if anyone has heard of this syndrome? I had a bilateral mastectomy in March 2008 with no reconstruction.&nbsp; I've had constant pain ever since.&nbsp; It feels like someone is reaching through my back with their fists pulling as hard as they can on my chest skin.&nbsp; I had no idea it would be hurting this much.&nbsp; I've tried acupuncture and massage with no relief.&nbsp; The prosthetic bra is painful to wear too.&nbsp; I guess I had no idea this was coming.&nbsp; They did manage pain control the first week very well.&nbsp; You are kind of in shock.&nbsp; Boy is this pain depressing.&nbsp; Not sure it will ever go away after twenty months.&nbsp; The only thing that gives me moderate relief is white flower oil.&nbsp; 
Is there any chance that you have lymphedema? I don't have a lot of swelling, but I have it under both arms, chest and right arm. The most painful is under the arms. I have a compression bra I recently got, but it can be hot. It does help some with the pain though. 

As I said before, this is not something I've really heard about 10 years!&nbsp; So I really don't know how much advice you are going to get here.&nbsp; Wish I could help!&nbsp; But maybe someone out there has some good input for you.



I've been active on breast cancer support boards for over 10 years, and chipsmom's post was the first I had ever heard of it.  That 47% figure astounds me.  Hope you are getting some relief through the treatment course your pc dr. has you on.BEV
Link has been removed for the following reason:  Primary purpose of the website link is to sell a product, not to provide information.BEV
  
&nbsp;&nbsp;girlfriday317
How awful. You've been suffering for a year and no one can help you. Terrible. If I were you, I'd find a new doctor and get a referral to someone trained in myofacial release therapy. It's worked wonders for others with your problems. You can Google it to find someone in your area. Also look up Post Mastectomy Pain Syndrome. A significant number of women have it, so you are not alone. There are pain clinics that are trained in relieving that kind of pain. Another option to look into acupuncture. I've had it and it truly does work. You can get other opinions on one of my other discussion boards - www.breastcancer.org.
Hi,PaLady
Jane,
I would like to know how many women had a cluster of microcalcifications and had a benign biopsy?&nbsp; I have going through torture these last two weeks of &nbsp;not knowing the outcome.&nbsp; My biopsy was just yesterday (which didn't hurt a bit) and the waiting is the worst part.&nbsp; My results will be read to me in 5 days in the surgeon's office.&nbsp; I had 5 small grains of salt which was in a cluster and have very dense breast.&nbsp; I am hoping that it may just be a change in the tissue.&nbsp; I hope by hearing from someone that it may ease the anxiety.
Hi All.   m1
Thanks Bev!!m1
Hey everyone~ Hope everyone is doing well!! I have recently been diagnosed with having 2 radial scars in my right breast. I went to have a 6mnth follow-up mamm.on Dec 3rd- my birthday! I didn't think anything would come of it- it was just supposed to be a follow-up, where everything was gonna be just fine...NOT! I was there for 2 hours. I knew something was up. I was informed that they found 2 lumps and they wanted to do core needle biopsies on both of them. They did that on Dec. 14. I got the results quite quickly. The procedure was on a Friday and by Monday afternoon, I got the call. The raidiologist said it wasn't cancer and then proceeded to say what it was.... I didn't hear much after &quot;It's not cancer&quot;, except that she thought I should still be seen by a surgeon. I met with the surgeon on Dec 26th. He is a very nice man. He explained a lot to me and after his examination, he concurred that they are radial scars and should be removed. I am now waiting for my surgery to be scheduled sometime in the middle of Jan. The only question that hasn't been answered is: How did I get them??? I am now 36 years old, never have had any breast trauma, no implants, no biopsies before this, nothing!!! Where did they come from? If anyone has any info on this I would greatly appreciate some incite. Thanks :)
Hi,
I have never taken Femara, so haven't had your experience.  However, I really hope you have talked to your doctor aboutBEV
Speaking of trigger finger....one of my toes went number right after beginning this drug. Then,&nbsp; I kept stubbing it, and now, it's frozen and doesn't wiggle with the rest of my toes. But the pain is awful if I bump it.&nbsp; Now the toe next to it is showing the signs of doing the same thing. I also discussed this with my oncologist who said it had nothing to do with chemo, but now I'l thinking it's the Femera. Anyone else have problems with their toes?
Alcie,I hope something good comes your way. Thanks for sharing. Cindy
Ok...not really freaking out yet, but kinda sorta am. I had my mammogram done a couple of weeks ago. I got a letter in the mail stating I needed further testing. I called my physicians office to schedule the "further testing". I had to ask what was found on the mammogram report. The nurse indicated that they found a 'nodule' in my upper right breast. I then had to ask how big it was. (she wasn't giv'in up much information freely) She indicated it was 6mm and my physician would like another mammogram to see more views of that area. Ok...I then started to get upset. I had seen 2 previous OB-GYN docs that when I told them I was having right breast pain and could feel a lump...they blew me off and said it was probably a cyst. The pain/lump doesn't come and go with cycles because I have had a hysterectomy. So now this third doctor is wanting further testing? Because now I am at the age (40) that I am more prone to having breast cancer? Don't get me wrong...I am happy that she is investigating this more and is listening to me. But I won't relax until I have had a biopsy done...am I wrong to push for this? I don't have any family history because I am adapoted...I just want to be sure.
cross-stich, the moderator for this forum (Bev, aka Barkyboys) is away for a couple of days but will be back soon and she will respond to your post.&nbsp; I wish I could help you but I don't know anything about
I'm 53 and after having clean mammograms since the start, the radiologist found what he thinks is a fibroadenoma this January at my annual exam.  His advice was to do nothing and perform a second mammogram/sonogram after 3 months to see if it changed.  I had the second set of procedures and there was no change so he felt confident that it was a benign adenoma.  However, my doctor disagreed on assuming it's a fibro and referred me to a breast surgeon for a 2nd opinion.  I had that appointment yesterday and the surgeon's recommendation is to proceed with a needle biopsy.  Her reasoning is that it is very rare for a woman over the age of 50, with no children, to be diagnosed with a fibroadenoma so she wants to take the conservative approach with biopsy/pathology.  I'm in agreement.Sue

I didn't have inflammatory brca, but I can tell you that this could be be symptoms of an infection, as well.  Infections are much more common, but I think it is a good thing to have the doctor check this out ASAP.  Mammograms are not always helpful in determining IBC, as there is seldom a &quot;mass.&quot;  Please let us know what the doc says.  Bev
Songbird, so glad to hear that this is not IBC.  Hope they get your medication adjusted so you are not having such pain.BEV
You are not the first person I know who has been found to have much more extensive involvement than had been anticipated.  I think that is always the fear when there is a lumpectomy.  Glad you went with your gut.  Breast Cancer forum moderator
You can try, but it may not happen.  I've waited two months for a follow-up to a finding of a mass in my remaining breast.  That I had already lost one breast to two different types of brca was of no help.  (It was fine, by the way.)Breast Cancer forum moderator
I asked, but based upon what the oncologist said yesterday, I did not move up the mammo.  He said if I was having trouble sleeping move the date up, but he felt that there was no other reason to.  However, I am keeping careful vigilance of any changes whatsoever.  Right now, we are waiting for the application, review, and approval process with the insurance company for the breast MRI with plans to have everything done the same day.  The thing is since I have no redness, no orange peel skin, no skin thickening, and no inverted nipple, there is nothing there for a visual diagnosis.  Based upon what I have been reading, the only thing that a mammo or ultrasound will pick up is possible skin thickening as there are no specific tumors with this condition.  And, sometimes MRIs provide false positives.  Besides visual queues, the only thing that sounds definitive in terms of diagnosis is biopsy, but without visual clues and with the breast feeling (i.e., the itching and occasional stabbing pain) jumping around, it is going to be interesting to see how they figure out where to biopsy unless the MRI shows something.  I just have to believe there is a such thing as early IBC and you shouldn't have to wait until it is Stage IIIB or IV for a diagnosis.  I keep searching the web for early diagnosis and can't find anything.  But, here I sit with something in my breast not feeling right.  I wonder if there is a female IBC expert out there?Thanks again.  The &quot;conversation&quot; helps.
Good Afternoon to All: update regarding the burning in my left breast...woke up this morning with burning now in the right one as well...mammogram scheduled for tomorrow...hopefully someone will be able to explain to me what's going on here...Will keep in touch with you here on my progress. Thanks again for listening.
  &nbsp;ok, first time to use any forum.&nbsp; so bear with me. lol&nbsp;&nbsp; I have had a ongoing breast cyst since 2004 that has continued to grow.&nbsp; I have a maternal history of breast cancer in the family- work in the medical field, and try to stay on top of this issue.&nbsp; Each year after ultrasound I have been told it is a simple cyst-follow up in one year.&nbsp; Each time I questioned- even though it is growing- no need to worry?&nbsp; and was told not unless something else came up.&nbsp; 
Good luck to you doxie. I am a breast cancer survivor 15 years now. It all started with a cyst. Hiding behind it was a .2 centimeter tumor. But without that cyst they never would have found it. You will handle whatever it is that comes your way and be fine. You have been on your toes about watching what is going on.; You must know that cysts can calcify, and calcifications can become tumors, I would demand they remove any cysts at the time of biopsy and get on with your life. I hope you get good news and have a wonderful holiday celebration!!!
I found a lump in L breast in February and after mamogram and ultra sound was told had multiple cysts, however they found a lump I was unaware of in R breast. Ultra sound guided fine needle aspiration demonstrated it to be a fibroadenoma. One of the cysts in L breast measured aprox 48mm and Dr offered to drain, I declined as it was not bothering me. Over the next couple of months it became tender and uncomfortable so another visit to Dr where I finally had cyst drained; he aspirated 36ml of a greenish/brown fluid the relief was immediate! I have been informed that annual ultra sound and bi-yearly mammograms need to be maintained.
Hi all, i've been reading everyones post and wanted to share my story and hopefully get some insite.&nbsp; On this past Thursday, I was watching tv and turned slightly on my right side and my left arm lightly fell onto my left breast.&nbsp; I felt a sharp pain, kinda soreness, that comes and goes still until today.&nbsp;So I checked my breast and to my surprise (not pleasant) felt a large hard lump that I had never experienced before.&nbsp; Just so happened I had a follow up dr appt for an unrelated reason on Friday morning, she did a breast exam and said it may just be a cyst and asked when was my cycle going to start, well I don't have a cycle anymore due to a rollerball procedure I had in May of last year due to cysts.&nbsp; 
Hey, curious!  Just curious... how did your appointment go?  Hope all is well and it was just a cyst.  Breast Cancer forum moderator
So welcome!  Hope it drains like crazy!  Breast Cancer forum moderator
Hello, I'm new to the forum....well I woke up this morning and for the first time ever I felt pain in my left breast, which prompted me to do a breast exam and I immediately noticed a difference. I felt a large mass and in the middle of the large mass is a smaller lump - neither of which will move. I've had a mammogram before and they would always come back with a mass on the right side - negative though. But, this is frightening - even though cancer doesn't run in my family. So, I am about to send my MD a message through the portal so that she can get me an appointment to have an X-ray STAT. I have so many emotions going through me right now that I feel like I'm losing it. When I felt it - I told my husband...and he very matter-of-factly said just go to the doctor and find out - you don't know...that doesn't help what I'm feeling and thinking.
I am a 62 year old post-menopausal woman and am not on hormone replacement.  Recently after getting a mammogram, I received the dreaded letter from the imaging center that further investigation of one breast was needed.  I scheduled the first available appointment which was for the next week & of course, worried the whole time.   When I went the technician did a diagnostic mammogram of my left breast & asked me to wait until she showed it to the radiologist, so I had several more minutes of worrying.  She came back & said the radiologist wanted her to do an ultrasound.  I almost could have told her the spot to check because I have been having pain there.  She said she saw two small fluid-filled cysts & went back to talk to the radiologist.  She then came back & said I had nothing to worry about, why do I need to go back in 6 months instead of my normal annual mammogram?  Has anyone else had the same situation?
First, I have never laughed so hard. What a great feeling. I love all of your posts...I have already asked my primary care doctor to refer me TODAY and hope to have the mammogram next week. I don't care if they think I am a sissy
Has anyone been through this situation?
My gyno found a lump about 6 months ago and I went and had an ultrasound and mammogram. The said it was not cancerous and was just a cyst. I am 30 and my biological mother died of breast cancer at 49. Does anyone have a cyst that causes them chest pain and that runs to the arm? Advice
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
My mother had fluid in her lungs, and she was told that there were cancer cells in the fluid. The surgeon did the biopsy of a tumor that was in her breast, said it cancerous, and her doctor diagnosed her with Stage IV Breast Cancer. My mother received two courses of chemotherapy (one day every 3 weeks). Her lungs filled with fluid again, but this time when the fluid was tested, there were no cancer cells in the fluid. What does this mean, if anything?
I needed the right expander removed in August due to a staph infection and due to have it put back in on the 10th.  Have any of you had it fail again and not gone through reconstruction.  Am I more likely to get an infection?  thanks for your input.Lisa
Hi there,
Hi there,
This is the 3rd year in a row that my annual mammogram has shown something in left breast that has required follow up. We have repeated mammogram and done ultrasounds. Have also met with general surgeon 3 times in last 3 years as he reviewed mammogram results. He believes it is just cysts and no cause for concern. However, I experience burning and discomfort in my left breast on a regular basis. This pain is much more pronounced after my breast check and mammogram,  causing pain for weeks afterwards. Waiting now on word about images retaken of my left breast last week. I am considering having a second opinion of cause of discomfort. Any advice or suggestions welcome.
I just got my second mamogram done after aa call back.  They found two spots on my left breast that were not there last year.  Went thriught my chane ten years ago and I am 52 years old.  They said they didn't think it was cancer and to come back in six months for recheck and see id I had more spots.  Said if I had ten or more then they would do a biopsts.  Everyone said I should get one for piece of mind.  They tell you to forget about it but it is.  My mom died of a lymth note and then it was too far.  Should I be worried and deman one.  Thanks
I just want to comment on the day after chemo shot... Oh my GOD it was aweful, aches and&nbsp;pain all through my body. I took it one time and never took it again.
Hi all,Sam Eddy
Our research team at Tulane University is conducting an online survey of individuals with cancer histories. We are particularly interested in individuals with a history of breast cancer.
Hello everyone. My name is Melissa and I am 37. A little breast history. 2 years ago I thought I found a lump and the ultrasound was clean and the specialist didn't feel it. I was nursing at the time and his thought was I was feeling a  ridge. I no longer feel it. I went for my annual check up 8 months ago and the OB said both breasts felt normal. about 3 weeks ago I found a lump in my right breast. I can't tell if it is tender to the touch or if I have just aggravated the area. the breast has been generally sore since finding the lump. I went to the dr and she felt this one as well as 3 others. I am still nursing but have no other symptoms of mastitis. I have not noticed any other physical changes in my breasts although I am sure if I keep looking at them I will see something. I go for an ultrasound on the 29th. I have 3 young children and have never been this scared in my entire life. Any advice would be appreciated. the Ob said she didn't feel one distinct nodule and that the breast was diffusely bumpy. She marked that were 4 sub centimeter lumps all on the inside portion of the breast. they are in pairs. Thanks in advance.
Hi,I am new here.I am scared.Every year I get a mammogram,all normal until this year a week ago.:'( ..I talked with Radiologist he classified my mammo bi-rads 4a.Even though I talked with him,I am more confused on what this means.I saw mammo he said they meaning 4 white spots are the size of agrain of salt.What does all this mean?
I usually post on another forum, but find a need to post here...Emma
hi, I have had breast cancer on the right side, I am a 5 year survivor since ja. 13 of this year, I have been getting very warm sensations in my left breast, I&quot;m wondering is that any indication of anything, its happened more than once. thank you
i am a 5 year breast cancer survivor, I've noticed a lot of very warm sensations in my left breast, is this any indication of anything
Hello,CADguy
Had 3d mammogram on the 5th.  Got callback on the 9th.   Went for follow up on the 12th.  Has anyone who got callback after a 3d mammogram been diagnosed with benign findings?   How accurate are the 3d mammograms? Very anxious.  Just wish they would tell me what they saw and why they are looking.
Hello, it even though I have symptoms that could coincide with ovarian cancer. I am 33 years old and suffer with a history of anxiety. I am looking to chat with someone who has history of a simple ovarian cyst. I am also wondering if a simple cyst could be cancer.. my doctor says that most ovarian cancer cysts show up as complex and have a whole different look / texture from simple cysts. If I am completely wrong in posting this here I truly do apologize. Any help / direction is greatly appreciated. God bless.
I'm 48 years old. Last year i had abnormal mammogram. Then additional mam. Then finally a biopsy of the left Breast. I believe my test said They where poly something classifications but They were begnin. Anyway i just did my yearly mamm. And it came back abnormal again. Doctor says need another mammogram because it shows aa shadow on my left breast. Same side as Last year. I am worried. have to go through the waiting again. Could cancer develop cz of biopsy. Doctor says He doesn't feel a bump
Hi.  a year ago i had a biopsy done on my left breast due to a.m. abnormal mammogram that showed micro calcification s..i had a biopsy done on it and It was begnin.. This year i went to get my regular mammogram and it was abnormal aswell doctor did a breast exam and no sign off lump but it does. Shows a shadow on mammogram. I have had a burning sensation in my left breast.  Does that mean cancer. I a.m. scheduled to get a diagnostic mammogram soon aswell. But i am worried again. Going through this2years in a row sucks. If it is cancer could it have develop fast or is there a better chance it's in it first stages
hi all I am mostly in chronic pain site.  I used to joke that I was so small breasted that a mammogram for me would be a chest xray.  now I am not joking.  I got on the phone this morning and called a new gyn and made an appt. for   APRIL 1ST!  GREAT A JOKE DAY!  in my mind I am going over and over  what I have to do to make sure my husband is taken care of and doesn't have to deal with if I die and now I cant sleep.  I always take everything to the extreme
My 16years old daughter told me yesterday that she has been noticing a lump on the upper side of her breast for sometime,but has ignored it since is not paining her,I am worried,what could this be?
Hello. I am 39. I started about
Hi Everyone, I am new to this forum and I guess I'm not the only one feeling sick to my stomach. I had a mammogram done 1 week ago and got the call. I  am 41 yrs old and it hasn't been easy these couple of days. I can't sleep & I haven't been eating much. I can't stop to think that I can be one of the unlucky ones. Today, I got a call from the nurse & told me that I have a 9 mm mass on my left breast & will be getting a call for an ultrasound within 2 days. Why are we wasting time? I need this taken care of stat!  I'm thinking the more I wait the more it's spreading. I got my triplets to take care of & cannot imagine not being around. I am a wreck everyone is telling me it's nothing but easier said than done. Now, any pain I feel is on my left breast even my mind is playing tricks on me. Ugh! This sucks & now it's the waiting game.
I am 55 and had a mammogram 2 weeks ago they called me back for a second and now they have called me back for blood work and an 1 hour exam..Im pretty scared..I dont know if they are doing my xrays or ultrasound..Im a mess
This is the second year I've had an abnormal mammogram. Last year i had a biopsy taken from my left breast showing calcification. It turned out to be b9. I didn't even ask what it was since the doctor called my house and said no cancer so i was just relieved and didn't ask anything else. Anyway this year i go for my mammogram and something shows up in my other breast. I already went to get the diagnostic mammogram n ultrasound. But they didn't giv me my result there they sai my doctor would call me. I called today since its been a week since i did that and they said they called last week so i can come in. I told the nurse if i could speak to the doctor over the phone regarding my results but she said no that i had to come in cz he wants to explain them to me. Now I'm scared. I know last year i went through the same thing but things can be different. I'm going tomorrow to see what he says. I'm doubting it's anything good since they just didn't tell me over the phone instead of making me come in...Help I'm scared
I called to confirm my appointments,they said they wanted blood work because Im over 50 and they are going to do a contrast mammogram and an ultra sound...she said that the radiologist didnt know exactly what he was seeing with the first 2 and wants to take a better look.....
Hello,Should I be worried this is cancer? I'm so terrified.
Hello...I am new to this site. I just received a call back for more pictures from a mammogram..the person calling said that at it didn't say they see any masses or cysts but they just need more pictures. I have very dense breast tissue and also fibroids on the right breast. They have me scheduled for a come back on April 20...I am so scared that I had my gynecologist call and see if we could get it any sooner..they moved it up to April 15. They tried to reassure me it to be alarmed that it was common. Is it a good sign that they are waiting a month to have me come back??
We just found out aboutGams
 to finish a TB treatment but chest pain is still here. In the scan an opacity was visible. But the dr. said it could be some post-TB scar or inflammation or something. After that I've been having more pain. And I am so pissed off I just don't want to go and get checked. Of course, a biopsy is required, but I don't know if it can damage the lung or something. being sick sucks!
HI everyone - llove6
I posted last week about a call back from a mammogram...I was so nervous and asked for an earlier appointment..they had me scheduled for a month later which made me think it wasn't anything..they had a cancellation on Wednesday April 1st and they did another mammogram and an ultrasound and everything is fine..I have REALLY dense breast tissue and last year they did a 3 D mammogram which sort of cuts through the dense tissue and they can see things  they haven't seen before...they do want me to come back in 6 months just to be sure because of my history..I'm glad they're watching me closely but a call back can mean nothing and many time that's the case!
Hi!How likely is this to be cancer? I'm seeing specialist on Friday. The report says it suggest a biopsy. I have a 2-year-old son and I breast fed him for 1.5 years. I thought this would have been protective. I'm really after some support and some insight as to how likely this is something nasty. I actually went in to see my doctor as I had other lumps which just turned out to be benign glandular tissue- just part of my breast anatomy and then they found this unexpected lesion.
So I get a letter from my mammogram office and it says that I have dense breast and that is why I need to come back. The gal that called me said that I had a mass on the right side and needed to come back. So I am not sure what to expect NOW ! I mean, I feel a little bit better aboutjust so nervous and anxious
Hello.  I was on this forum back in the early 2000's. Blessed to say I am still doing fine and very greatful 15 years after my DX. I was looking for anyone that was on the board back then, especially MK and Joanne.  Just wanted to check on &quot;old friends&quot;.
hi I have noticed a small lump but it is not on my breast exactly it is underneath my breast where the breast meets the trunk, kind of where the wire on your bra would sit. I don't know if this would constitute on the breast. its not painful and doesn't move around. I am wondering if anyone else has had this before. I am 39 years old and although no history of breast cancer in the family. cancer it self in family is common.
Hello,How should I handle this? Help
HiHope someone understand what this is.
I am 51 and no family history of breast cancer. I had a cyst needle biopsy in my late 20's, but other than that have had no problems, other than having fibrous breasts. Due to this, it has not been surprising to have to have follow ups with ultrasounds after mammo's. This month, I was called back for 3-D mammo and ultrasound, then had a needle biopsy on 4/14. Today I got word that it was not cancerous, but is a very rare &quot;radial scar&quot; and needs to be removed as they are known to hide cancer cells or can become cancerous themselves. My information has been submitted to a surgeon, and now awaiting his call to schedule surgery. I'm so frustrated that now that my breast is no longer sore from the biopsy, now I'm told it will be even sorer. Can anyone tell me what your recovery was like? Wondering how long before I will be able to return back to work, etc. I've had so many surgeries in the past that I really do not look forward to it. Do they remove the tissue thru the same area they did the biopsy, or do they actually have to cut it open????
Hi there, Many thanks in advance for reading this and your support!
I'm 17 and a couple of months ago since like December, maybe, I started having breast pains, mainly in my right. I read an article on how to check for lumps and I did, but I'm still not sure. I'm just confused I don't know if it is normal, like a part of my breast or if it is something that I should get checked out. There is an obvious size difference in my right breast than my left and it feels -more like hurts, and looks weird. Also right under the breast is a little spot that sort of looks blotchy that I just noticed in the mirror. I could be totally  paranoid because I freak out about this sort of stuff all the time, but I'm really freaked out, and It hurts all the time. Please help!
Hello this is my first post. I have been reading past posts to understand  the possible implications of micro clarifications.I was just wondering if anyone else has had a similar experience?
As with many others who list here, I got called back for a diagnostic mammogram.  Of course, the receptionist who called could not tell me anything (which royally ticks me off); I had to get the report from my PCP.  The report said &quot;An asymmetry found on right breast on MLO view only.  There is no evidence of malignancy in the left breast.&quot;thank you.
Hi All. I'm new to the site -- and to medical &quot;issues&quot; -- and I just wanted to thank you all for this great site. 
Hi!  After two mammograms, I had A stereotactic core needle biopsy because there was micro calcifications in my left breast in one spot.   I actually had it the same day I went back for a second mammogram….I felt their urgency.   I had a breast reduction 8 years ago…can that cause micro calcifications?  and if so, are they usually benign?  I had the biopsy on Thursday but told them to wait until next Friday to let me know the results….because I am going on vacation and do not want to ruin the family trip if it is positive….Thanks!
I was dx with early BC in 2013 plus a strong family history, but tested negative for the braccA test had a double masectomy and removal of a few lymph nodes, was told it looked all good. Over the past year + went through the reconstructive ordeal ( which is a whole other discussion) ,in Jan/Feb had some pre op test done for hernia repair follow up, was never told about the nodule on my lung and that it had grown from 1 mm to 9 mm , did a ct scan, now am scheduled for a pet scan on Tuesday, so far this week has crawled slowly cause we all know the waiting is worse. My team of doctors are all thinking the same thing &quot;  cancer&quot; One doc said maybe MET cancer, my breast surgeon says since we caught it early it could be regular old lung cancer since I am a former smoker. Now I sit here and all I can do is worry and have panic attacks ,making a bucket list laughing on the out side. But in reality I am scared out of my mind. Mad at my pcm because if I did not have the pre-op stuff done we would have never known that it had grown. At 9 mm it's small and early, but my fear is ...if it's smoking related, the outlook is much better, with the other option not so good. So my question is does any one here have MET cancer or know of someone and if you have any input on whether early BC could turn into Met ( can't spell the word right now) one breast was in situ (spelling) the other was &quot; early&quot; . Please, any reply would be great.   On a semi- bright thought: Due to the many complications I have had my brother has declared me the poster child for &quot;if it can go wrong , it will: lol, and I hate this feeling , it's just not fair
First of all I want to say that I'm new to this Forum and I'm happy I happened to fine it. I am 52 yrs old and had my annual mammogram 2 weeks ago and I got a call from my OBGYN's office wanting me to get a second mammogram and ultrasound on my left breast only. I have very dense breast tissue and in 2006 had a biopsy done on my right side and the test results came back negative. Yesterday was the1st time I ever had an ultrasound and I'm nervous, worried and scared. I also want to mention that I  have a mammogram done every year since 2006 and never missed an appointment. Anyhow the radiologist found something behind my left nipple yesterday and now I'm  waiting to get a call from my Dr. How long does it take to get results? Also the technician asked me if I have felt any pain on my left breast which I replied &quot;no&quot; not until today. Having the mammogram before ultrasound hurt like heck she pressed down extra hard to get a better imagine of the nipple area...OUCH!! Is there usually pain associated with cancer in the breast? Its going to be a long weekend if I don't hear anything today.
Hi all. I normally post on the crohns forum but I am scheduled for a prophylactic double mastectomy due to severe fibrocystic breast disease. I have hundreds of cysts in each breast combined with extremely dense breast tissue. My mammograms and ultrasounds always list as multiple masses believed to be cysts which always worried me.   I have had plenty of aspirations of cysts over the years and recently had a core biopsy on an area that was also just a cyst. My mother died of breast cancer and since I never knew my grandmother or her medical history, I don't know who else in my family may have had breast cancer also.  pain and not being able to pick myself up out of a bathtub. I am very independent and don't want to have to rely on my hubby to help me do everything. How long will it be  before I should be able to function on my own?
Just had a mammogram Monday and got &quot;the call&quot; this morning that they need to have me back for additional views.  I'm going already tomorrow but I'm really freaking out.  I had this happen a couple of times before and it is so anxiety producing.  I just lost my husband to cancer 6 weeks ago & the stress I'm under is incredible.  I'm sick to my stomach right now and can't function.  I thought this digital mammography was better at not having people come back for 2nd rounds.  I saw a thread on here about dense breasts and repeat mammogram?
Hi ,My mother 53 (perimenopausal) felt painful lump 2 weeks back. Mamo showed benign findings but after aspiration a residue is felt so the breast surgeon has asked for a follow up mamo after 15 days of anti biotics. Also the fluid was very thick but yellow and discarded. Is there a chance of Cancer even after a BIRAD-2 Mamo?
From March - June of this year I was fighting what my doctor diagnosed as a staph infection in my lymph nodes in my armpits and groin (no testing or samples taken though). After three different courses of antibiotics (allergic to the first, second didn't work, third finally did) it finally cleared up. Briana
No sign of breast cancer but there was a finding on the left Breast that is probably benign but they want to see me in six months to make sure nothing changes.. I'm wondering why not remove what they found? The reason I went to get an mri is because my left breast always hurts me
Thirty six years old housewife with 2 kids, 9 and 2. Been having right breast pain for about
Please help me for aboutI am sorry I am here but this is the only forum that I can discuss this with....please help me.
Not the fibroadenoma in general but the people who are predisposed to getting them are at more of an increased likelihood to get breast cancer?
Just 6 2015 Why didn't they just send me for Biposy?   I'm totally stress and very worried that this can BC after my last brush of fear ,  Had Hysterectomy in  2005 at tender age of  25  for  Endometriosis-  pathology report show HGSIL  CINIII that wasn't picked up on my pap
Hi there, I am new to this post.  Today I received a call back telling me that there were changes in my right breast, compared with the mams I've had in previous years.  I am going in on Thursday for a 2nd mammo, and am currently freaked out.  Help?
I'm 28 and I've had a painless lump that is visible and can be felt at the top of my right breast for months. It's hard, doesn't feel like I can move it, and won't go away. Got sent to have an ultrasound that didn't show anything, at all. Everyone in the room felt it easily but couldn't see it in imaging. Doc said she didn't know what it was but could be a injury to my rib. It doesn't hurt though?!?! She didn't suggest anything else and now I'm more confused than before.
Hi! I am a 46-year-old mom and had breast cancer three years ago.  My tumor was removed and  I have been doing well with the exception of a large seroma which is about a centimeter at a time. I have read that the risk of infection is greater if I have it surgically removed. It is not painful and not visible to my physical appearance. Can I just leave it alone or it is dangerous if not removed? Will it eventually absorb naturally into my body?
More than three weeks ago I found a lump in my right breast. Then the next night I had intense burning and itching near my areola on the same breast. Three days after I had a clinical exam with my gynecologist who also ordered a diagnostic bilateral mammogram and ultrasound as she was certain it’s a cyst. Last week I went in for the tests but they also did digital tomosynthesis which I believe is a 3D mammogram. I was relieved when the radiologist came in and told me that based on both exams he I had a single 2cm cyst. Later that day, my gynecologist called me to confirm the radiologist's interpretation.I'm 36 years old and has three children but no family history of breast cancer. I'm concerned that this is more than just a cyst. What should I do? Should I get it aspirated? Am I making something out of nothing?
 Thanks for the help
I had an ultrasound done on a palpable lump. Turned out to be 8mm. The radiologist was very confident in telling me it was a fibroidadenoma and to come back in 6 months to determine stability. He said if it grows we will biopsy but it is not going to grow (very confident)... if that 2 percent is me... anyone had a similar experience?
I had a 3D mammogram on Aug. 10th. She repeated the left breast because she said she got a piece of my tummy in the shot!!! Extra radiation. Two days later got call that they saw &quot;changes&quot; from last mammo and I had to go to Breast center at hospital for more tests. Took half day from work and went. Tech took ANOTHER 3D of left breast and then 4 additional films! She couldn't get &quot;it&quot; in the films so she told me she'd talk to the doctor about how many films they shot in within 8 days of each other? I am so upset I don't know what to do next....
I was recently diagnosed with Abnormal Breast Calcifications, which required a Stereotactic Biopsy, as they were in clusters.  The biopsy was done and the results came back benign, thank the Lord.  It's difficult to not get anxious when they tell you that the results are abnormal, but have faith that everything will be OK.  The biopsy was relatively pain free and the recovery was quick and painless.
I know in forum of a personal nature such as this the patient themselves are supposed to make the post however my mom is the patient. She is 62 years old and doesn't know how to use the Internet. She has a touch of dementia. She is still here enough to be affected by this. She just forgets things sometimes. I am her care giver.  my mom. I want to help her in every way I can. That is why I am here. I love healingwell. I have been a member for a long time. Thank you for your help.
Dear HealingWell members,website: http://www.msu.edu/~jinahuh
I sent a friend a small care package of fuzzy socks, lip balm, mints, twinings ginger tea, a word search book. and I would like info as to how to help her cope...what do you like to see or hear from friends...I also included a card...I just want her to know we care and are here for her...
I had a mammogram on August 26th. Yesterday I missed a call and got a voicemail asking me to call the breast center. I called today and they told me I need to come back in for a 2nd mammogram which would take 1.5 hours. The lady told me the Dr would be there to go over my results straight afterwards. I've just turned 40 and this is my 2nd mammogram. (My first was back when I was in my mid-20s when I had suspicious leaking from my breast which turned out to be nothing.) The woman I spoke to today didn't tell me if they had found anything, just that I should try not to worry.  my 2 small children.
I had a biopsy on my left breast yesterday. Some fluid (brown in color) and some solid material was removed. The shape of the cyst is oval with a wall or separation, measuring approximately ¼ to ½ inch. Is this enough to go on to make any kind of determination whether it is benign or malignant?
I was diagnosed with DCIS in February 2015, had a lumpectomy without nodes being removed in March, and completed radiation treatment on May 2015. A while after everything was done I started feeling better. Now I noticed I have swelling in my armpit and am experiencing pain in my breast again. I saw the doctor and was told she felt no new lumps. She felt that it may be the nerve endings coming back to life. She put me on Vitamin E and Trental.  I have only been taking it a week but am seeing no improvement.  Has anyone else experienced this and what were you told? Any help with this is much appreciated.
Hi All, I am here because I am worried, I have a dark batch of skin on top of my right breast. Up close you can't tell but from a distance in the mirror, it looks sort of darker/maybe like a healed bruise. I am so scared of IBC. I am also 5 weeks pregnant, I don't know if that has anythign to do with it. please help me!
I have been so scared and trying to find info. I hope that you all can help.
Mary,Donna
I would also demand a biopsy right then and there. Dont let them give you the "wait six months" stuff.&nbsp; 

Mary 
Mary,Donna
Thanks again guys for the encouragement. I will let you all know the results when I get them, I hope soon!! friends!!
Boy Tawny this one came up from the archives!!! It is from three years ago!  There are more recent discussions in the last week of call backs, I'm surprised that this one popped up in a scan if that is how you found it.  Anyhow read all of them and see if you don't get some help with your worries.  One thing not discussed is menopausal breast changes.  There sure are lots of changes as you get older.  The firm breast tissue becomes less firm, that is why all the jokes about
Hi, I'm here in this small town in England and I have the same situation of a call back after a mammogram and scan as some of the contributors. I feel so alone and find that I can't really talk about the waiting game, even though it's only a week. Just writing this has helped me to relax a little.
I also got a callback yesterday and I have such anxiety. The response from my husband when I told him I had anxiety was to "take a pill you f'in b*tch." So the support from home is less than desirable. The radiologist&nbsp;can't get me in for another week and I am constantly on the verge of tears.&nbsp; I'm 35 with no family&nbsp;history of cancer. It is still unsettling. 
Madsen, I would not be too concerned about.&nbsp; Lots of callbacks turn out to be nothing... they just want a better picture of a specific area.
Thank you for the kind words, the waiting is the toughest and I will for sure encourage her to keep the appointment. Thank again.
I don't think callbacks are really money-motivated... tell your hubby they make plenty of money without them!  Jen, Donna is right about
Ok, I am going back today and they said that they are going to be doing another mammogram and an ultrasound because my right breast is dense.&nbsp; I'm guessing that this is so that they can get a good baseline.&nbsp; I'll post again when I hear more.&nbsp; 
How did your appointment go?  Funny thing, how moms always think aboutBEV
Love to hear good news!   So glad that all is well.  What state do you live in?  I've never heard of that requirement to inform patients of that, but I think it is great.  I had two invasive breast cancers of different types, both palpable, and both missed on my mammogram.BEV
Thanks, Bev.  I really appreciate your support!  I will check back in a couple of days.. hopefully with good news!
Thanks Bev...it turned out great! It was some calcifications in my right breast. They took aboutThanks for your support! :)
New member here, hopefully someone out there still responds since the last post has been a few months... A few weeks back my right breast started hurting (felt kind of like my toddler had stepped on my breast but she hadn't) so I did a self exam only to find a lump. I went in for a manual exam and was referred to another  the request to see a surgeon or is that just protocol? I have a family history of breast cancer so it only adds to the panic... any help is greatly appreciated.
Hi I'm new to this forum so hoping you can advise me.few weeks ago I noticed my left breast felt different so went to G.P who sent me for a mammogram.The mammogram was clear but the D.R at the breast clinic also thought the left breast felt different so sent me for a scan.the scan showed a large cyst with a few small ones.The d.r said they were just harmless cysts and wants to see me again in 3 months.The last few days it feels like the cyst has gone bigger,whereas before the breast just felt &quot;different&quot; now it feels like a lump.is this normal with cysts? Should I wait for my appointment in breast clinic or go see my G.P?. It also feels a little swollen and is sore to touch.thanks in advance for advice x
Hello everyone,Thank you very much.
All right so I realize that I'm totally screwed since I didn't have a clip placed during my stereotactic biopsy.  I just really didn't expect it come back as cancerous.  Surprise!  I had a LARGE hematoma form during the 12 hours after biopsy....3.5 inches by 1.5 inches by 1.5 inches.  Boy did that thing hurt as it was forming.  Thank you,     CDVILL
After my breast biopsy which was about two months ago, they area is still sore and I am getting these zingers, I don't know if its scar tissue or the titanium mark they placed. Also when I bend down I feel like there is something in my breast in that area. I am getting worried. Has anyone experienced this? Will it go away?
Hi! Did anyone here have “breast deformity” after breast reconstruction surgeries with implants placed under pectoral muscle? Can this be avoided? How do you find the silicone implants? I read that it puts women at risk for a type of cancer called anaplastic large cell lymphoma (ALCL). Did you experience other side effects? I’m doing this research for my twin sister who was diagnosed with stage 2 breast cancer. She is thinking of getting silicone implants after surgery. Kindly share your thoughts on this. Thanks!
I found this forum a few months back when my Dad was diagnosed with aggressive prostate cancer. I then starting looking in the breast cancer section when my best friend of 25 years was diagnosed with metastasized breast cancer. We are both only 38. all of this.
Hi! I'm new to this forum. Two years ago I found large lumps in my left breast. They did a mammogram and u/s but basically said my breast were too dense. They didn't see anything serious though. My left breast is much larger than my right - by a lot! Do I go to the follow up? I have just learned that if I go to the doctor too soon they stop helping me. I would appreciate any guidance.
Hello everyone!Susan
I'm a 29 y/o f. After 2 masses were dectected i had 2 mammos. Ultrasound/core biopsy. Then an mri. No actual results have been relayed to me. After Mri yesterday, my surgeon is recommending a Mri guided biopsy. Is this common? I haven't spoken to anyone else who had a similar experience.
So I am 19 years old and today my left breast has been experiencing a burning sensation and I was wondering if anyone could tell me what this is?
 Franchesca
Hello, you guys were very kind when my mom had her scare and biopsy which came back as calcifications. Well now I am having a scare of my on. The last few days under my arm has been hurting. I went to my GP today and she said I had some swollen lymph nodes. Also my White Blood Cell count was high. It was 14.1 and normal is below 10 measured in thousands I believe. My GP said I have to have a mammogram immediately either Monday or Tuesday. She said be ready they may call and with the appointment and I have to go quickly.  Plaquenil, Lialda, Canasa, digestive ad lactose, Wellbutrin, Cymbalta, Lyrica, Midodrine, VSL 3DS, Rainbow light, Vit D, Humira 12/12
Hello everyone,Thanks.Please help me.
Hello I hope any of you can help me I AM SO SCARED.  I had a breast ultrasound done 4 months ago on a tiny lump which after biopsy was determined it was a fibroidadenoma. The doctor told me to come back in 6 months for a follow up ultrasound just to determine stability. I am 5 months pregnant now and I went back today (4 months later) for the follow up ultrasound and the doctor told me that the tiny fibroid has not changed in size but that my breast has changed so much (its like a new breast) and I have clusters of masses that he can't tell if its hormonal from the pregnancy or something else so he wants to do another biopsy of the entire area. I am really worried this could be BC. Could it be possible in 4 months that cancer can proliferate like this?Also I have had three doctors check my breasts every single month during pregnancy and no one found anything particularly worrisome in my breast. I am so scared.
Good Morning Everyone,open a can of worms?? and its not for screening! I don't know what to do now and I cant find anything to relieve my anxiety, thoughts?
What implications do your partners’ psychological traits and self-conscious emotional factors have on your emotional responses?Haffiezhah An-Nadiah Azlan
This is my first time posting... I felt that I had to post this to hopefully reassure someone else who received one of those vague call back form letters for a second mammogram. I'm 42 and this was my third screening.  On Dec 11, 2015, I had my annual mammogram. However, it was my first time getting it done at that particular imaging center because I moved from IL to TX earlier in the year.... I opted to get the new 3D version. I never received a phone call from my doc or the imaging center staff about
Hi this is my 1st post here. I was diagnosed wit fibroadenoma when i was 19 (i am 45 now) had one removed as it was large, the other was left and has never changed in 25 years. This year at my regular check up (because of the FB) they found something new.. it's .7mm .. def not the old lump. They didn't see it at 1st then called me back a week later for follow up 3D mammogram and then another ultrasound. Now i have to go for a core needle biopsy.. but i have heard they are unreliable. I live in Canada, so i don't have insurance worries, but i have to wait 3 weeks for the biopsy.. also they said i cant switch clinics to get in anywhere else faster cos they would need to re-do all the tests.. how is that possible in a digital age? i have other anxiety disorders that in the past have presented as chest pain and asthma like symptoms. not sure how i will make it through 3 weeks, plus another one for the report.. i know that a lot of lumps aren't cancerous.(hell i HAVE one!). but i'm kinda freaking out.. any advice taken .
Hello,Thanks,
Hi. was diagnosed just recently.
If Calcifications are biopsied and malignant are they always dcis or early stage?
I was called for the 2nd time in 2 years that microcalcifications were found in my left breast. I had a diagnostic mammogram done and it remains suspicious enough that I am going in for another biopsy. The first one came back benign. What are my chances of having early stage breast cancer. I am scared about going thru another biopsy as the first one was less than desirable. My spouse has been hospitalized 8 times in the past 25 months and this is the last thing that I need is to find out that I have cancer.
Hi everyone. me, I have no medical insurance right now which I'm sure is a lot of it, but still, I had to look up what a cluster even was on Google. Shouldn't the Dr have explained all of this? Sorry so long but I'm just getting fed up.
I went to get  a mammogram a month ago. so can anyone tell me why the boobs harden ?Thanks
Hi Everyone,Please help.
Hello,Everyone I am new to this support group and I am very glad that I found this group it is helping me a lot reading everyone's story. well I am 41 years old I got my first mammogram on February 10th I called my Gynecologist office for the results after 3 weeks from taking it and briefly her Medical Asst. says the Dr's has notes for me to go back for another mammogram so of course I was scared and wondering why no one called me earlier to let me know I had to take another mammogram 3 weeks have past and no phone call to let me know I only found out because I called the office so I ask why?she responded and said something about a shadow and some dense area all on my right breast they have to determine if it's a cyst she then said don't worry it doesn't means there is something there I'm so worried and stressed out I have no family members with Breast Cancer can somebody please help me any advise will be good to help ease my mind.
Hello Everyone,Ramy
HI, im usually on the UC board, haven't been there in awhile because ive been in remission.  I recognize Sherbear from the UC board.. Anyway, my wife was just diagnosed with bc today. She got the call to come into the doctor asap and he told her the news..There's no history of bc in her family.  Breast feed our kids for like two years..she has an appt with the oncologist on Wednesday. Shes a school teacher, 1st grade..she has had like 4 or 5 other teachers at the school get it.. We have two little girls 8 and 12 and we have to tell them..this is really hard.  I guess we just wait and see what the oncologist has to say on Wednesday.
Anyone have issues from the breast marker clip left behind after a biopsy? I am getting a biopsy in a few days and I am not very excited about the clip. I have heard they can cause residual pain in the breast.
First of all let me say I am supremely sorry for everyone in this group.  I just saw my PCP who did a breast exam.  She found some &quot;lumpy bumpies&quot; as she called them and felt they could be fibrocystic changes but that it would be unusual.  I am 65, have had a complete hysterectomy years ago and have been off estrogen for a long time. Having a diagnostic mammogram Monday.  That's 6 days to worry aboutDiagnosed with MS 2001.  Fibromyalgia, Graves Disease, IBS, Gastritis, Spondylosis, Degenerative Disc Disease, Sjogrens, Osteoarthritis, Osteoporosis, Tendonitis, Costochondritis.  All the autoimmune diseases are attacking me.  Taking the minimum of medications.
I'm a year past chemo (taxol, carboplatin) and Herceptin. I see online I have 50/50 chance of surviving  HER 2 positive -er-pr 5 years.  After that the stats get better--something like 69% chance to get to 10 years. Feeling much more optimistic and at peace with all this now, but think I'll never be carefree again. Have a wonderful life--want desperately to stay well! Any advice? Many thanks--and good wishes to all.
Hi I am new to this form. I need your help. I had a stereo-core needle biopsy. They had some difficulty getting to the site. The moment it was over I had a reddish bruise next to the injection site bandage.  As the localized anesthetic wore off. It was burning from the inside.  It burned leaving me with a second degree burn to the outside of my breast. Does anyone know how and why that happened? I have to have the other breast done and I'm afraid this may happen again. Please let me know if there is anyone else who has experienced this.Permanent scar
I had a mammogram, then a call back for another with an ultrasound, my Doctor said everything was fine, now the imaging place has called me again. I'm worried
Angie from Phoenix, AZ, new to this thread but am on 4 or 5 other ones including Hypothyroidism, Fibromyalgia, Bi-Polar, Chronic Pain, Scoliosis and there isn't one for Brain Cancer although I'm in a holding pattern for that after 1 Craniotomy in 02(Meningioma), Gamma Rad. in 08 and again in 13 with 2-4 still present and accounted for. I had a Lumpectomy in my left Breast in 6/2011 came back benign was told not to worry as i have alot of scar tissue from being large breasted, was a B-cup went up to a C after 1st child in 1991, stayed a C after 2nd child, up to a D in 2009 after a Radical Hysterectomy 8 months following 1st &quot;safe&quot; Radiation Treatment for 2nd Brain Tumor in 12/2008 and have been a D-DD depending on weight ever since. I'm 5'0 so the difference between 145 and 160 is a whole other cup for me. Anyway 6/16 due for Mammogram and recently found 3 or 4 new Lumps on Left Breast and scared ****less. I've been living with the Brain thing for 14 years and my Neurosurgeon already knows I'm ok with surgery but NO CHEMO! my kids are 26 and as of tomorrow my son will 21 and my Granddaughter 2 on the same day and my kids know the Brain Cancer drill too. But I know or I've heard Breast Cancer is a whole different Beast. I'll be 48 on 6/14 and I'm not ready to die even though I know I've been living on borrowed time for 14 years. I hope this helps explain, I'm a Recovering Addict/Alcoholic, I've been Clean and Sober since 6/7/2004 and I can't die with a needle stuck in my arm too high to recognize my own kids and that's Chemo will do to me. I'm not in charge of anybody but me, so what you do is none of my business, but I'm terrified and you guys no way more aboutCraniotomy/Meningioma 12/02, SMI Bi-Polar 2005,Celiac/La.Int,IBS 06,Hypothyroid 05,Dev.Sep.Sur. 9/07,2nd Tumor 1st Gamma Radiation 12/08,Radical Hysto.w/2nd Trmt.for Endom.w/inst. Meno. Diag.w/Fibromyalgia 09,SSDI in 5/10,Biopsy L.Brest Benign 6/11,Tumors 3-Brain,4-in Sinus Cav. 12/12 Gamma Rad. trmt. 12/13, Anemia, Vit. Defic. B-all, Magn.D,Cal.Niacin, F.A.Thi.Vit.A.Tum.2-4 still present
My mom went for her yearly Mammogram last week and came back with a dense area and they wanted her to follow up with another Mammogram of that 
Hi. I am a 28 year old female. I have been Breast feeding my son for a little over 3 years now. I recently noticed that in the areas around my nipples (Areola?) I have sunken in/dented areas. It seems to be in both breasts almost around the same areas. I've worried myseld sick the past few days. My yearly exam is this Tuesday. I also called my doctors office and ask if I needed to try and come in sooner and was told that they could check me at my appointment Tuesday. I know that breastfeeding can affect the way the breasts looks but was wondering if anyone had any insight into this is? Any comments appreciated. Thanks
well guys ive had a ultrasound and a mammo and mri with contrast,, found a small sac with fluid 6 months later did the same test still negative  go back to check again in one year  and today after my perid im burning bad its even hurts to the touch   i have scar tissue do to implant removal a while ago and i do have fibromyalgia  im stressed
Hi, this is all new to me.  i am 56 and have always been in great health.  And although i am well-educated, i am embarrassed to say i took a &quot;keep my head buried in the sand&quot; approach to screenings.  The last time i saw my OBGYN was when i gave birth to my last child 21 years ago.  Three or four months ago i noticed a lump in my left breast seemed to be growing daily (I've always had large, lumpy breasts).  The growing lump was accompanied by extreme pain, sometimes lasting 24 hours a day, other days, just a few stabs of pain off and on.  I am scheduled for a biopsy and MRI in a few days.  I've never known anyone who's had breast cancer before, so I have no idea how alarmed I should be (other than the morbid tone in her voice when she told me the news).
E, the countdown is almost here, within hours!! Tomorrow is the big day. I am sending you many healing thoughts & prayers your way. Yes, you are on your way to the future as you once pictured it on the physical side of things. Moderator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums
Brrrr, that is some cold weather.   I know Texas can be like Florida where it's so cold you're wearing 3 layers of clothes and boots on one day and then a couple days later it's warm and your wearing flip flops and tee shirts.  I really don't like the fluctuations.  I do love the few cold days for a chance to wear a totally different kind of wardrobe.Best of health and positive thoughts to all.
Linda, I do hope that you will continue to write here aboutModerator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums
I finally got my drains out yesterday (in 2 days it will be 4 weeks since my double mastectomy).  I FEEL great, but the doctor says I am still healing and not to do anything, no working out.  Exercise was a big part of my life before this happened.  The only way I've ever been able to manage my weight has been through heavy exercise (which, luckily, I enjoy).   She also put more saline in my tissue expanders.  I am obeying the doctor's orders and doing almost nothing.  
My WBC was 4.4, so the day started out fine.  But then my PS said that there is no way this expander is salvageable, as I expected, and that the surgery to switch it out for another will have to wait until June of 2017, after I've healed from my last chemo, and then do the surgery, heal from it, then start radiation.  Sigh.  Self-pity.
So I've been learning aboutBest of health and positive thoughts to all who are reading.
Susie, I'm sorry you've hit a rough patch.  I hope the massage was a good first step.   Best of health and positive thoughts to all who are reading.
Hi Exqualis, so sorry to hear of your further complications, but I'm glad your feeling better now. Unfortunately, I had a &quot;light&quot; case of Guillain-Barre' syndrome about how I would land up. At the time I just decided to calm down, tune out the negativity, and try to enjoy my healing process. That's sounds crazy, doesn't it, but it made things easier to enjoy the help of friends and family, to savor all of the delicious food brought into the house, and to take great joy from very small things like a visit from a good friend. Keep getting better, and I'm sending you prayers and positive healing thoughts...
Thanks, Susie.  I'm leaving for radiation in a few minutes, and I'm  really happy to get back to cancer treatment!  I'll write more later.
E, I don't know how you are holding it together with all of this extra BS from your job & the health insurance. This is just nuts. I do hope that your dr is going to appeal the claim for the Gaba stuff. In fact, I would call their office & verify that they are in the appeal process. In the past couple of years I have seen more & more of meds being denied to patients but once they appeal it things work out. Sick people should not be put through this kind of extra stress.Moderator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums
Hi E, still around. I am well north of Houston. We had some very badly needed rain from Harvey for 3 days. It was a blessing, we rarely have rain this time of year. However, those in the path of it, its beyond devastating. Moderator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums
i am writing for my sister.  She has breast cancer.  Today they gave her results from a Mamma Print?  She is high risk.  I guess this means she needs chemotherapy, which she was hoping very much to avoid.doxazosin
Sorry to ask this here. My sister was diagnosed with ovarian cancer and there isn't a forum here for that. Seems like a lack of resources across the board. Can anyone point me in a good direction? I want to help her as much and I can and after her surgery (when she starts chemo) she'll be moving in with me. Or maybe you just have basic tips you can give me for being a good caregiver?
I am very persistent... I've have a MRI with contrast   Then had another one 6 months later... then had two ultra sound and diagnostic mammo and they can't find it.. going to see a breast specialist this week my gut is telling me that there is cancer the symptoms are to great!  Severe pain to were I want to go to the er! The nipple is and areola very painful then sometimes itchy! What else can the specialists do. I'm really considering removing my left breast I can't take the pain.. in 2014 I had breast implants removed due to rupture I had them since I was 31 and never replaced them.  Anyway my symptoms tell me it's Paget's disease or inflammatory I really hope the dr does a biopsy the last diagnostic mammo and ultra sound was in late July and my pain has gotten worse since then
I was called back for my mammogram. 3D scans look good, but 2D shows an area that needs further evaluation. Person on the phone said it looks like overlapped tissue so I go back for another mammogram.. I have been called back before for cyst, but this time I am scared to death! Please help me if you can 
CLINICAL HISTORY:Bi-Rads Assessment Category: 0 (Need Additional Imaging Evaluation and/or Prior Mammograms for Comparison)
I had my baseline screening done today, and my right breast was imaged first with two images. When she did my left, she did a different image in-between the first and last. I asked her why, and she said she doesn't read them and wanted to get a picture of the outside of my breast. Is this normal?? Everything I am reading says only 4 pictures taken during a screening.
In the morning I noticed a red spot on my breast. It wasn't there before. It's tender and it feels as though there's a small lump at the center of it. It looks a lot like a rash, I don't know if it could be a bug bite too, I've had spider bites appear in the mornings on my hands and legs, but not there before.
I just received my follow up report for call back. It says there is a sharply circumscribed 7mm focal asymmetry. Would this be worrisome for malignancy?
Has anyone been diagnosed with a malignant focal asymmetry? From all the reading I have reviewed, it seems that these are benign.
Hi there, 
Just been for annual check upShould I be worried???? I had bc in left bust 4yrs ago
Joined: Nov 2016Anyone here with similar experience or helpful knowledge?
Hello, as the subject line states, my 40 year old wife was just diagnosed with non-invasive, stage 0, level one DCIS.  It was a routine mammogram that detected the abnormality and we are both shocked by this diagnosis. They did the biopsy in the right breast after seeing suspicious calcification. Her left breast has similar calcification, but not as prominent as the right breast.  She is going back to have her left breast reevaluated since the right breast turned up positive. After those results we will meet with a surgeon to discuss a mastectomy. (she has two areas in the breast and a lumpectomy isn't an option).   We know we have to tough through this and try to remain positive but am having a hard time with it. I keep thinking the worst even though the doctor claimed she is in a good spot because of how early it was caught.  I want to be strong for my wife and she needs me to be strong, but I am having a tough time with my worries.
I am here from the ostomy board. I am doing ok, but my daughter just had a double mastectomy last Tuesday and has problems. Under her arm where the lymph nodes were removed, there is a lot of swelling and high pain. She has a low grade temp, also. We live about 3 hours from her doctor in a very rural area. Contacting the nurse line was not successful last night.
I just came over from the Prostate Cancer board where there are several threads running aboutI wonder if there is a similar effect possible with breast cancer?  These researchers must talk to each other, right?
I am 32 years old and i am currently wearing a bra between a 38h and a 36j. I wore a minimizing tank top about 4 days ago. When I finally took it and my bra off at the end of the day I notice that I was experiencing sharp pains in the right side of my right breast. I soon learned that the pain would only go away if I either was wearing a bra or was holding my breast in the same spot that I bra would. The pain has been constant for the last 4 days every time I take my bra off do you have any ideas on what could have caused this?
I am a member and active participant on the HealingWell/Prostate Cancer site, and I would like to reach-out to invite you to participate in the inaugural  the timeframe, the book and how to “sign-up” & participate.
I am new to this forum. I am a little concerned about
  my symptoms. I have been experiencing a burning sensation on the side and outer upper area of my breast. It is tender and a shooting pain near my nipple. It burns when I touch my breast. If my breast are not burning if I palplate my breast they start to burn. My breast in not red unless I touch it. It has been this way since Dec. 25 of 2016. It start with burning on the side of breast than the upper outer. It literally fills like fire. I also have started to fill burning from my right breast the same way but only the upper outer part of my breast. I have a small firm lump near the are wear the burning sensation is and I have a medium size moveable lump until that arm. My right breast just started to have a burning sensation 3 days ago. No fun. I am scheduled to get a diagnostic mammogram in 2 weeks. I don't know what to think. I would appreciate any input. Thanks.
  four times bigger than the other one.  When I went to !y primary care doctor on the 9th he was so upset and said I had a severe staph infection and I did have cancer.  He gave me three shots and two oral meds.  I was allergic to one and am still taking taking one. My breast is still black, swollen and painful and I have no energy.  I am scared.
I just found out that I have this. Looking for someone who is experiencing this rare cancer too?
Is there a forum for ovarian cancer?
Hello, I am new to this forum. I am 43 years old, no family history of breast cancer except my grandmothers half sister had a tumour. I am on Zoloft for anxiety and a beta blocker for heart palpitations. I have had left breast pain for two months now on and off. I had my mammo two months ago and it was fine. The breast looks fine, but all through the day on and off I get a burning pain and sometimes shooting pain. When I press deep in some areas of my left breast it feels very sore. My breast are generally lumpy, some moveable lumps all different sizes and have been that way for years.  I read on the internet that breast pain doesn't usually accompany breast cancer, but I have seen some posts on here that says otherwise. I plan on going to the doctor just to get it checked but i am really scared of what the pain could mean. I feel like I am running to the doctors left and right this past year.  I am havin bad stomach problems with acid reflux for the past month, as well as heart palpitations, both which I am seeing doctors for.  I have spinal stenosis which lead to a pinched nerve three years ago so I have pain on and off in my arm, shoulder/neck. This breast pain also feels like it radiates under my left arm , not in the armpit, but the bone so I am wondering if it is possible for the breast pain to be associated with the pinched nerve?  I feel somewhat soreness when I probe both breast, but the left one is worse. Just looking for any thoughts if anyone had had this. Thank you for any feedback.
Friends wife had left breast removed yesterday. Lymph node involvement. What can I say to encourage him.Twitter @seals_todd
My mother in law was just diagnosed with Invasive ductal carcinoma Grade 3.. she is also a triple negative. She is 69 years old.Thank you and hugs to all the people and their family fighting cancer.
I am 47 years old and for about a week now both of my breasts have been itching so bad, I also have a burning sensation. Do anyone know what this could be. I do not have any others symptoms and I have not changed body wash, detergent or laundry soap.
Yesterday I noticed an extremely sharp/burning pain in my left breast ONLY when I did something drastic.  I hopped down from a chair and when I hit the ground my left breast had a horrible pain that radiated from the left side (stayed concentrated).  I did a self exam with no lumps, redness, swelling, etc.  The pain subsided and didn't hurt again until I ran from my car to my home in the rain.  The &quot;bouncing/jarring&quot; effect caused the same pain.  This morning I did it &quot;on purpose&quot; with the same results.  Within 15 minutes or so the pain subsides with only a lingering burning sensation for an additional 15 minutes.  Has anyone experienced this?  I had my mammo in September with no issues.  Thank you.
hello to all of you ladies,
Hi all. Just seeking some advice.I'm 34, have no regular cycle as I have a Mirena IUD, and the other breast doesn't hurt at all, no tenderness. Appreciate any advice!
I post on the prostate cancer site as my husband has PCa.BOOGEE
Hi....I am desperate for advice...I have given up going to the doctors about twelve years ago because of pain there was a small cyst...they said take evening primrose oil, it does nothing....truely in so very much pain
I am new to this forum. I guess I just need to talk. I just got a breast cancer diagnosis. I am beyond terrified an so down. I have not seen a surgeon yet, that is next week, and I feel like I just can't get through this . Is this a common reaction? Diagnosed with Invasive Ductal Carcinoma. 2 nodules, 1 is grade 1 and the other grade 2. I don't even know what any if this means. I sure don't want to start looking up things on the internet either. I also suffer from anxiety and panic disorder and am on that forum too.
Thank you for reading my post. I am 37 years old with a long history of health anxiety. It started back in 2011 when my dad was diagnosed with Colon Cancer. My mom had breast cancer when she was 32 so I'm always aware of that as well.- Kelly
Hello BC forum, Thank you for reading ♥
Hi I'm new to this forum but anyways, 2 days ago I experienced a sharp pain in my left breast which went on for the rest of the night and I woke up with tenderness and redness around my nipple. I'm only 18 and I still live with my mom so I showed her (she's been to the doctor for multiple wonky breast things) and she told me to wait a couple of days to see if it goes away. It's now day 3 and it's fading but still tender. My mom hasn't shown any concern but I'm really worried as I've looked up my symptoms and IBC came up. Can anyone help me out?
Has anyone had nipple pain?sharp pains come and go,I have implants fyi for 10 yrs ,now looking for a plastic surgeon to remove them.but I suffer from extreme anxiety so my breasts started acting up when I had my 1st panic attack.but now I'm freaking out that my nipple pain might be something serious or it's just my anxiety messing me up.
HI everyoneThanks in advance for any replies
I am new to the group. I am 51 years old and have been post menopausal since I was 46. I am now having spontaneous bloody nipple discharge from my left breast only. Is this a sign of cancer?
I recently went for my annual mammogram. I'm 57 so I've a similar situation. Thank you!
Hello,I've done several several breast examinations on myself and I don't feel anything except for pain where I got hit. I am now just a little nervous because of what I went through.  Does it take a longer time for breast tissue to heal?
I am 17. I've had a &quot;lump&quot; for about 3 years. I assume it came to be as my breasts grew since they only just started growing a lot. I am concerned though, because I'm a hypochondriac who usually gets scared of everything. I'm not sure if it is exactly a lump per say. But it is located on my left breast on the left side a little below the armpit. i usually just have discomfort, but when I press on it I have a sharp pain. The reason I am not sure that its a lump, is because it isnt round nor smooth. it feels like my normal breast tissue on the other breast. But it does have discomfort and sort of feels like it is almost swollen or maybe enlarged at times. It's hard to explain but when I lie on that side it almost feels like I am laying on something very small. It has not grown, and over the course of 3 years I have been to the doctor for many heart issues that I thought I had, but it turned out to be tachycardia. I have no other symptoms. It hasn't grown. But I am SO worried and am losing sleep because of this.
Hi,
Hello.  I want to know something about a year and a half.  We just had it taken out last week and the doctor said it had eroded.  Is that why he was hurting so much and feeling so bad?  Has anyone else heard of this?  Thank you.
Hi, this. It only happens on my left breast. I do not feel pain or any lumps on my breast. Just this weird discharge whenever I squeeze. I keep squeezing it everyday to check if it is getting better or worse for my own reassurance. Not sure if I am making it worse by doing that. I am just scared. Any ideas would be greatly appreciated!!
Hi All,Thanks in advance!
OK.  The past 3 weeks have been really insane.  I'm 46 with no history of breast cancer in my family at all.  I breastfed two kids and have never smoked.  So, when I noticed that the right side of my right areola began to swell and turn dark red, I was annoyed more than alarmed.  I went to the doctor and he put me on antibiotic (probably a breast infection, he said) and sent me for a diagnostic mammogram.  Anyone have a similar story?
Hey y'all,Thanks, ladies...
I need advice. Not one to worry BUT.... I am 62 years young, in great health. Mammo showed a spot so I went back for a sono.  Radiologist sent me to a surgeon with a &quot;low level of concern.&quot;  I saw the surgeon today and will have it removed next month. I have been on hormones for about 12 years. He said it was not a cyst but I couldn't tell how concerned he was or if I should be. The spot is sore and my nipple itches. I'm not one to panic but my husband does. What do you guys think?
Hello all!
I have had a sharp,burning and itching pain along my right breast side..  I can't get into see my DR as i'm always told he is over booked.    It started about Thank you
Hello everybodyI'm here to see if I can get some guidance for my mom. I am a user but I'm always on the anxiety forum, but I really want to do everything possible to help my mother. I'm just so scared because my mom doesn't have insurance and we don't know if she's a US citizen to apply for insurance. My mom's story is real confusing, she was born to a mid wife and doesn't know if she ever was registered or what name they put for her BC. We tried to recover one but it seems it doesn't exist, she only has a SS number and we are gonna investigate that. I'm just torn to see her like this and I want to get her treated, if you have any advice please let me know thank you.
Hello, I am new to this so I hope I am doing this right. I thought after the two days I would be fine I don't know if this is normal has anyone experienced this before? Did I do something wrong I mean what is the worst that can happen from having a ultrasound guided biopsy which I was told is a very small easy procedure??
Have been diagnosed with Proliferative Fibrocystic D/0 with Radial Scar 1 cm after 2 Mammograms, 1 Ultrasound and results of a  Core Needle Biopsy with Stereotactic Guidance. The result was that it is benign. I just turned 67 and never had any prior problems. They suggested that they I schedule an appointment with a surgeon to remove the rest of the Radial Scar. (not much is left since they took out 7 samples) . I do not want to have a lumpectomy! Is an open surgical biopsy with a 6 month follow up of MRI or Mammogram with ultrasound a good alternative?
Hi, I'm 36 years old and I've never really had any issues with my breasts before and unfortunately don't have any family history regarding breast cancer because I was adopted. I have been on hormone replacement therapy for six years after losing my ovaries to PCOS and I know that can increase your risk. Over the last while I have noticed some concerning changes to one of my breasts. The first is that it is quite painful, especially when squeezed closer towards the aereola and the nipple. I honestly have not been that great at doing self exams so I am not sure what I am feeling for when I am checking for lumps. There is a spot to behind my nipple and towards the armpit side of my breast that feels very hard and does not move when I press on it or squeeze it. It’s aboutAnyways, I'm really scared of doctors and I don't know if I'm being alarmist as I really don't know if what I'm feeling is actually a lump or if the symptoms I'm experiencing are actually symptoms of anything at all. So I thought I'd post here and see if I could get some feedback. Thanks in advance for your h
I'm 37 years old female. Last week I went for a normal checkup, and my doctor ended up giving me a breast exam. Well the doctor scared me when she said she felt something on my right breast and she is ordering me my first mammogram. That was this past Thursday. Today I get a phone call from the imaging center saying that I need to come in for a ultrasound on my left breast. They found a mass that they need to look at. I'm a nervous wreck. It wasn't anything on the right breast that the doctor felt but not it's my left. I'm so scared of cancer. I have two small children. I have no clue how to call myself. Crying and just a mess. My ultrasound is this Thursday.
Hey! Soooo.... a couple of days ago I got this sharp burning, searing pain in my left breast. It's awful. I called the doctor and made an appointment for this afternoon. This morning I noticed when I bent over (without a bra) my nipple wen inward and my breast fell over it like the head from Alien. I went to the doctor and he is sending me for a diagnostic mammo tomorrow. I am freaking out. UGGGGHHHH. Any stories or words are much appreciated.
I have been getting 2 mammograms per year for the past 4 years due to frequent lumps (mostly fibroidenomas) combined with the fact that I have dense breast tissue.Invasive Ductal Carcinoma (stage 1, grade 2, ER/PR +, HER2-) - 2017
I am a 17 year old and i have noticed a lumph below my nipple ... and i found it 3 days back it has changed its colour it has become black .. i scared if it is a breast cancer nothing else is seen ... please help me on this..        Thank you
 
I just found out my mom had a mass on a mammogram discovered a year ago and she never followed up.  A couple months ago on a routine mammogram they discovered the mass is bigger.  She never told anyone because she didn’t want anyone interfering with her caring for my 48 year old sister who batters stiff person syndrome and her two daughters whom my Mother has been taking care of for 10 years. My sister has never taken care of her responsibilities.  To make matters worse, my mothers only source of income is social security and my sister collects welfare. My brother is homeless and I live with my boyfriend who is  living with heart failure and our daughter.  None of us can care for my sister and her kids, but we would take our mom in. My mom won’t leave , my sister.  the long post. I just wanted to try and give a clear picture of the situation. I am feeling like I am headed for a breakdown over this
Hi,I have had mammograms since age 35 (my mother passed away from breast ca). I’am 54 now and have had ALL mammograms done at the same facility, over 20 yrs..well, I just had this years and it’s abnormal. I am having an ultrasound tomorrow. I am 5 yrs POST menopausal, have no breast pain etc. just looking for advice I guess and the fact that my mom was close to my age when diagnosed is just letting my mind run wild. I know since they are only doing an ultrasound they are looking at what they think might be a cyst..right???
 
I think we first noticed this aboutHubby is 47-48 years old, no family histories of cancer as far as we know.  He is rather active and don't know is this matters but he's always had very high natural testosterone relative to age
Hi guys. I had two previous lumps one in each breast, both were fibroadenoma and both removed a few years back.Meds: Plaquenil 600mg/day, Methotrexate 20 Mg, Prednisolone 5 mg/day,, Folinic Acid, Ixprim, Tritace, Lasix, Beta blocker, Cymbalta
I started having stinging pain in my right breast two months ago.  I went to a general practitioner and she didn't feel any lumps so didn't feel there was a problem.  My mammo was fine last summer. She thought maybe it was a muscle so suggested I take Aleve once a day for 2 weeks.  So I did that, but I could still feel the slight stinging pain. I nursed three babies and my ob/gyn said I have dense breasts.  I have had some dull achy pain for the past 4 years.  I ran into a barbed wire fence when I was 5 and had to have stitches aboutSo what helps other than surgery?
Hi y'allPlease ladies... please share your pain, literally. I don't know if this range of pain is normal.
Hi all. I guess a need some reassurance. I'm terribly worried that I got a call back after a routine screening mammo for asymmetry in both breasts. I think in my head if it was one area of asymmetry I wouldn't be as worried. But since they saw something on both sides it makes me think it could be something real. And of course now that I know these results I'm getting all kinds of weird sensations in my breasts. Makes me worried, actually terrified. I go back for a second mammo on Tuesday and the waiting is excruciating! Thoughts? I would appreciate any input!
I am desperately looking for a doctor who would do a needle breast biopsy in his or her office. Having it done at a hospital is cost prohibitive.  New Jersey and Philadelphia areas- any known leads please?
A friend was recently diagnosed with invasive carcinoma that had spread to several lymph node.  She will undergo  taxol and hercepton then adriamycin and cytoxin.  After all of that she will have radiotherapy. She is in her upper 60's and was wondering how people tolerate the chemo, and if she can drive to the  oncology center.Any information is greatly appreciated!
My family has a long history of members having cancer. I have two aunts who passed away because of breast cancers (one on my mother and the other on my father's side). My grandpa also died because of colon cancer. My mom found a small polyp in her colon 4 years back and another one in her stomach just last year. Both lumps were surgically removed and the doctors said that my mom is okay now, just needs to be &quot;more cautious&quot;. My dad is still going strong but with his smoking, I doubt that he would be alright when he gets a bit older. I look at my family and I'm scared, actually. So I've been doing research and am considering genetic testing. But I still don't understand it completely. I mean, hơ can a blood test helps me find my cancer risk? Plz help me clarify on this.
My wifes mammogram shows an architectural distortion. Going back in for more tests. Comments?
Most of you do not remember Shells. She&nbsp;was not able to sit at her computer for some time. &nbsp;I am sorry to say she lost her battle last night and is now another of our angels to be remembered. She fought every inch of the way and left her daughter many cards and pictures and letters to hallmark each and every special event that she would not be there to share. She had her best friend go through every album and explained each and every silly picture&nbsp;to her,&nbsp;so someday Katie will be able to explain them to her daughter. Shells took some silly pictures that she&nbsp;said needed explaining to be funny.&nbsp;I never remember Shells complaining until one treatment took away her taste for chocolate. After all she had been through without a complaint she really let me know about that one. Anyone that ever did the chats with Shells knows when she turned up the chat turned to chocolate. I hate this disease and have had a couple of very rough months with watching so many become angels, but she started her&nbsp; battle when she was 28 and of all the loses, a young mother is the worst. I hope I never have to write another post like this. No one can understand how mean this disease is until they see how mean it can be first hand. Sadly, Joyce 
My heart is breaking..Shelley was a fighter. I am so sorry that she lost her battle with this horrible disease. Yes Joyce, I remember those chats...LOL...we sure had alot of fun and so many laughs ! I remember when her dear daughter was born...how thrilled she was...

Oh no...oh no, not SHells...I am so sad....she was a tremendous fighter with a great sense of humor who lost her battle wayyyyy too young. She was diagnosed on 9/11, said she watched it unfold from her hospital bed...such a sad loss for us all, especially Kalia. It makes me cry to think of the care she put into planning for her daughter's future, I can't imagine the courage it took to do that. 
Oh Joyce....I remember Shells, from the iVillage days.&nbsp;&nbsp; I rememeber congratulating her when she found she was pregnant.&nbsp; I remember how upbeat, enthusiastic, and optimistic she always sounded (chocolate loss aside). &nbsp;I lurk from time to time, but don't usually post...but I am so sad to hear this news that I have to.&nbsp;
Oh Dear God, I did not expect to see news like this.  And I really did not want to see it.  Shelley was so beautiful inside and out and her Kalia is adorable.  She was good to share pictures of their dear family.  This is a very sad day.  Lori is right we all need hugs today.  Prayers for everyone, too.  Love MK
I remember Shells! This is awful! I hate it when we loose anyone, but the young mom's ......breaks my heart.

Oh Joyce!  I remember Shelly, Kalia and the chocolate.  I have had a really hard time posting here since Becky left us.  This was a terrible shock.  My heart breaks at the thought of all the lovely ladies, moms, daughters, and sisters we have lost to this dreaded disease.  Sending hugs to all of you on this board, I usually check daily, just have trouble posting.  I love you all and you are always in my thoughts and prayers.  Sending prayers to Shelly's family.  I hate cancer!

My heart is breaking.

Another loss.  I am saddened and will have her, her family, her friends, the board and you Joyce in my prayers.  I pray that you will never have to write another entry like this again.
After I read this, I grabbed my DD, and sat and cried. My heart and prayers go out to her family, and all of you who knew her.

I didn't know her but wanted to send my condolences.&nbsp; My heart broke reading this and having a daughter myself.&nbsp; So sad.&nbsp;    
My condolences to Shelly's family. She was a warm and wonderful member of our board for quite a while. I can't imagine doing everything that she did to leave the legacy for her daughter. Very few people realize what this disease is doing. Maybe too much pink. That's not the way I view this disease. Another angel that we all needed here. Hugs, Di
Wow that movie was something.  Shelley's eyes so beautiful.  Little Kalia such a doll baby.  So sad.  Tears, MK
I am so sorry to hear this. I remember Shelley, and how much she wanted a baby. This is heartbreaking.  How many, many beautiful friends we have lost to this hateful disease. It is maddening!Hugs, Pam
Hi I read these posts I and I'm Kalia i would like to thank you for your concern.

Very nicely said.
I thought you said it so well, Joyce. I would only add that we need to stay in touch with those people who are important in our lives on a regular basis, cancer or no cancer. I had a wonderful friend named Susan (not the one we all know from the boards) who went to college with me -- the second time around. After 2 years together at a community college, she continued her education in St. Cloud while I went to the U of MN in Minneapolis. We stayed in touch from time to time, but our lives and careers got busy. She and her husband came to Sarah's wedding in Feb. 2001. That was the last time I saw her. As the months passed, I kept thinking that I needed to call her and meet for lunch so we could catch up. But, I kept putting it off and putting it off. Before I knew it, her DD called to tell me that Susan had had a fatal stroke. At 53, my dear sweet friend was gone, and I can't ever call her up for lunch. I guess what I want people to realize is that at any time any of us or those we care about
Good Grief, how you ladies make me think. I sat at the funeral of my childhood friend (since I was 11 y.o. ) on Thursday, the day that my GYN called me for a f/u on my mammo. Marion died of Alzheimers at the age of 57. I cried because I had not seen her through the last two years of her life. Now today, for the first time I realize that I have had no one to go through this with me. During my treatment I was estranged from my family, and as much as I love them, I still do not let them know anything that goes on -- ANYTHING. I sit here now in my chair, on the computer that I could not teach Marion how to use 10 years ago -- and back then I could not understand why -- and I am tearing up realizing that not only did she not shared this experience with me, I did not share the last two years of her life with her -- those years when her family needed me most, and I was not there. Friends are precious and we need to recognize the sacrifices they make for us during these times. For those of us who have someone left to thank, let us do so -- especially this week!Judy
Thanks Joyce.  You are right, all our special supporters and people that love us need to be remembered and thought of daily.  Hugs to all of you.
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!!!!&nbsp; 
I feel so ashamed.  I have had a busy couple of weeks and did not read each and every post until today.  What a wonderful thread this is!!!  Thank you Joyce for starting it with such a wonderful post to all the Katies in the world!!!  I was especially moved and happy to hear that Katie took the flowers we sent home and got full benefit of them.  I agree Shelley would have been the first one to agree that was great.  I, too, hope you come back, Katie, and let us know how you are getting along and share any news you have of Kalia.  Big hugs of thank you and love,  MK
Congratulations! You deserve the best. I wish you every happiness. Please let me know how the birthday party goes. I just know she will be looking down on it. First belly laugh you hear, you will know she is there. Shelley always said to listen for that and we would know she was there. She said she was the only one that could&nbsp;make her daughter do that. I&nbsp;wish you all the hapiness in life. You have&nbsp;certainly earned&nbsp;it. Love and hugs and best wishes always, Joyce&nbsp;
Katie, I am so happy to hear of your engagement.  I know Shelley is right up there happy as angels are cheering!  I know you will help make Kalia's birthday special as you always made her mama feel special.  Big hugs,  MK
I was diagnosed w/breast cancer in 2005, had a lumpectomy in right breast followed by 33 radiation treatments.&nbsp; Am now taking Arimidex for next 5 yrs.&nbsp; I have tried to be so careful with my right arm as that is where I had 2 lymph nodes removed.&nbsp; No cancer in the nodes.&nbsp; The other day I was stung in my right arm by a yellow jacket.&nbsp; At first it just seemed like a regular bee sting. I took benydryl to avoid swelling.&nbsp; The sting was on top of my elbow.&nbsp; The next morning my arm had swelled at the elbow and felt stiff, was red and itched to bad I could have scratched my arm off - but didn't as I new that would be bad.&nbsp; I went to the Dr. and was prescribed some steroid cream and told to use ice packs.&nbsp; I did but itching, swelling and redness did not improve.&nbsp; Went back to Dr. and got one of those 21 prednisone packs where you start w/ 6,5,432,1.&nbsp; The swelling and redness are improving - so far have taken the first 6 and 5 dose pills.&nbsp; I still have terrible itching despite using the cream.&nbsp; I see my oncologist in a few days so I am sure she can tell if I have any problems.&nbsp; I am scared about lymphedema as I hear it can be very painful and can not be cured only treated.&nbsp; My cousin has it and has to massage her arm for 20 min each night and wear a bandage like an ace bandage.&nbsp; She does not have to wear her compression sleeve.&nbsp; Does any one have any experience with this or lymphedema and can tell me what to expect?&nbsp; Any advice would be greatly appreciated. 
I don't know about
I get Lyphodema, it comes and goes. sometimes I use the sleeve as well. Try to avoid getting any blood taken from the arm, do it in the hand. Also...when you go to dry off from taking a shower, instead of using the towel and going&nbsp;from shoulder to hand go up...hand to shoulder. Hope this makes sense. I had 12 nodes removed on one side and 5 on the other. Hope this helps!
Re: That Bee Sting:&nbsp; I wouldn't worry so much about cellulitis.&nbsp; You're scenario matches mine exactly.&nbsp; When I first saw the dr. I was sent home with an ice pack and zithromax.&nbsp; By the next day the arm was red, swollen, stiff and painful
 BEV

Sinc you are seeing a breast surgeon, I would guess removal might be on the agenda.  With your family history, I certainly agree that removal would be best.  Of course I personally feel removal is best at all times and the needle biopsy is great to acertain breast cancer when films indicate that most likely it is cancer.  If you know ahead of time you can make plans for reconstruction at the same time if you are having a mastectomy.
I just found out I have micro-calcifications around nipple
Probably most microcalcifications are benign, just like 80% of lumps are benign, but I always would want to be sure. I agree with MK if you can get it totally removed, do it. You'll then know FOR SURE.  Let us know what goes on, OK rhath? 

Hello went and had biopsy done everything went well all benign.
Rhath, GREAT NEWS!!  Thanks for letting us know! We are celebrating with you!
tigerfan, how are you? I hope all benign and you are well.



Yes, lorelei, we understand very well.  You are &quot;at home&quot; here, and can talk about whatever you need, to feel supported.
Boy, Dawn, do I ever sympathise ! If I hadn't had other people around me falling ill with CFS/ME, my family would never have paid any attention to me. I'll email you - being unemployed, I have lots of time to compose short pithy answers...

Hi Claudio,
Hi Brynn. I started today with Urine therapy.
In your opinion 

HI Diane, please see my replies to the same message you posted on the FMS board and Chronic Pain board.  All best.

Hi Tammy,
I go to a tanning bed and have for a few years now but I only go for a month or so to get a tan to wear shorts on vacations etc... becuase I am so white. but it tends to make me more tired I think..&nbsp;I take alot of vitamins everyday though especially vitamins B's. ... they will give you energy and drinking alot of water and eating the right foods. I notice a difference in how I feel when I eat better and get exercise and sleep better at night.
Hi Tammy,
Hello, Just wanted to know if CFS and anemia were linked? Is it possible to have anemia without CFS or to have CFS without having anemia?
Um, no they're not linked.  And yes it's possible to have one and not the other.  There are several different types of anemia.  Or it would probably be more accurate to say there are several different causes of anemia.  And CFS is not one of them.
Brynn, Tricia (a.k.a) KCJ...
I've been feeling horrible for weeks lately and got an unexpected test result back for EBV. My doctor said you have mono and should expect feeling bad and just rest it out, but I'm negative for IGM and I have no sore throat or fever. What should I make of this and what course of action can I take to understand my condition better. Also is my value of 4.19 equal to a 4,000 IGG, I'm a little confused with the numbers
John thank you very much for your reply, I really appreciate the advice and I will look further into the information you have given me. Again thank you so much for replying.best wishes, Dan
I have had EBV for 14 weeks, ( bedridden for 11 weeks) and have thankfully started to feel a bit bettter and wanted to share what I've done in order to get back to a semi-normal life. I have been completely frustrated with the treatment for EBV....doctors just say, &quot;Go home and sleep&quot;. This is not a good enough answer for me. I am fortunate enough to have good health insurance and I just wanted to share and hopefully help anyone who is suffering from this virus. I searched and searched for answers and believe me...there is really not much out there except for out dated and conflicting advice. I hope that anyone that is reading this this that has EBV is surrounded by love, compassion and understanding. It is an unexplainable experience and I wish I could say that it has been easy. My only advise is to listen to what your body is telling you and give it what it needs. I can't tell you the things I have done will help anyone else, but I have reached out to many doctors and I recieved no real answers. I wasted alot of energy to try and find &quot;the answer&quot; at a time when I had very little energy available. I have a new found compassion for people with chronic illnesses. I hope that by sharing what I went thru, I can help anyone who is able to find this information.
Hi, Jenie
I was diagnosed with both EBV and CMV simultaneously 3 years ago (at 17), and have never been the same since.&nbsp; I was nearly bed-ridden for the better part of six months. Since then, I have had ongoing issues with my spleen, severe chronic fatigue, auto-immune issues, and joint pain/inflammation. I have a positive ANA and an elevated Sed Rate. Most recently I've been dealing with dizziness, shortness of breath, rapid heart rate, and anxiety. Has anyone else had the two viruses simultaneously?? I am curious to know what others are experiencing.&nbsp;I once read a post of a woman who did, and whose symptoms were similar to mine in both their nature and their longevity. Because of this, I feel that there must be others with these issues. I will be going to Mayo in a few weeks, but thought I'd try to be proactive in the meantime. Perhaps someone could provide me with some insight. Anything at all will be most appreciated. Thanks.
Hey ZODA, I'm sorry to hear you're so sick. Headaches are very common with Mono. The best thing I can say to you is WAIT UNTIL YOU ARE COMPLETELY WELL TO DO ANYTHING. ANYTHING! This is very important. I did not do this, and I am still suffering because of it. Also, please try and find the best vitamins and foods you can. You have to build your body back up. I don't know what kind of vitamins would be available to you, but please, find THE BEST. Things like Colostrum and Acidopholus are very important for EBV and CMV. Also, Cayenne, Lobelia, Garlic, Vitamin C, Green Tea, Cinnamon, and Ginger have major immune-boosting powers. Alternative medicine specialists might be particulary helpful to talk to. It is tempting to not eat or eat junkfoods during this time, but please try and eat as healthy as possible.
I was diagnosed EBV 3 years ago for the first time, and apparently it only leaves my body alone for periods.I tell you it is no fun!!
Since originally getting ill with mono when I was 17, I've been dealing with chronic viral attacks for 8 years, and I was found to have both CMV and EBV when I was tested a few years ago. I don't have the same energy I had before, but I don't have the fatigue and headaches that most others seem to have. I just keep getting viral attacks that land me in bed for a few days - swollen glands & sore swollen throat, bad fever, no energy. Lately it has been happening as often as every 2 weeks. I'm on a program of supplements (mainly immunity building) with a medical consultant who has a good understanding of the problem, and he tells me by looking at my blood under the microscope that my immunity is improving, but it doesn't seem like I'm getting better.

Hey Lucy. Lupus and RA were ruled out by blood tests, mostly. There were some questions and examination of my joints, etc. by my doctor to verify. Thank you for your kind wishes. My tests were negative, and I hope yours were/are as well! If you don't get answers soon, I hope you can work out going to one or both of those institutions. 

hi all. i have one suggestion for anyone with ebv/cmv/hhv6. do not waste time. see dr. a. martin lernere in michigan ASAP. he is really one of the only ones you who is going to help.sue

For those with EBV: this drug, consider finding one who will consider it. Maybe even an infectious disease doctor.   I wish for all those suffering to find a solution to your fatigue. I understand.
&nbsp;
Hi ferrari,
Love the name ! ( hare is probably a better one for me nowadays)
Hi Ferrari,
Hello
You might want to investigate the tick-born diseases if you haven't done so already. The most common ones are Lyme, babesia, and bartonella. Lyme can cause symptoms on just one side of the body, as well as flu-like issues, fatigue, and GI issues. I have also known of people with Lyme that have that white stuff in the throat you talked aboutA lot of patients do not recall a tick bite or tick attachment.
Hello and thankyou all for your replies. Its been 4 months since I posted on here and im no better. I looked up this lyme disease but it doesnt quite fit with my symptoms. My condition has got worse and I fear my health is deteriating badly! The pains I have have got worse and my whole abdomen is so sore in the morning after being lay down for many hours. I generally feel worse in myself and I cant stand it. I dont know what to do anymore! I changed doctors in November but its not helped. Been to see a rheumatologist recently I he thought possible reiters disease but i dont think so at all! My doc doesnt seem to take me seriously because to someone who doesnt know me I dont look really ill but my family and friends say i look ill all the time!!!
what is the specific carbohydrate diet?
Oggy22,Aaron
Hi & thanks for reading...sorry for the length...but I don't want to leave out possible relevant information.Does anyone have any ideas? (thanks for reading!)
Hey, thanks for the reply.cheers.
I'm glad to find this forum.&nbsp; I love message boards and the internet since I don't see the outside world much.&nbsp; 

hi!edwina
yea!! im so glad i found this site,
please let me know of anything i might mess up on.edwina
Hi edwina
Hi again :0) Thanks a lot everybody, it's nice to know i'm not alone. Take care of yourselves.:)
The following message is from lainey.&nbsp; I moved it here to be more visible as it was buried deep in an old discussion:
Oh gosh, lainey.  I should have read both your messages before replying.  Now my reply to your other message makes no sense whatsoever!  So just forget about it, and here's a better one!  LOL!
Hi,thanks for the message.                             Elaine.
Hi Brynn. :)
Hi lainey,
Uggg.&nbsp; I have to vent this morning.&nbsp; I made an appointment with a new doc who just opened his practice this&nbsp;month here, but he's been practicing elsewhere for 20+ yrs.&nbsp; I was so hopeful and excited, and I go right on time.&nbsp; I wait for almost an hour and when he finally shows up, I tell him how I'm feeling, explain what I've found, show him the information I've gotten, and wait for him to speak.&nbsp; He says, you sure do have CFS, from what I can see.&nbsp; Your main concern is fatigue?&nbsp; Sorry, nothing you can do for it (which I expected in a way) and then he WALKS OUT!!&nbsp; He didn't try to help me in the least way!!&nbsp; Heck, they musta ran him out of the old practice!&nbsp; UGG!&nbsp; I am so angry and frustrated.&nbsp;&nbsp; I drove for almost an hour to get there and this 3 minutes is all I got?&nbsp; Sheesh!!
Hi Adrienne,
Brynn,
What is the difference of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and Fibromyalgia Syndrome?&nbsp; Could a person have both, or if someone who has Fibromyalgia, could they get CFS as well or even go from FMS to CFS?&nbsp; HELP!!!!
Wow! Thanks for the clarifying!!!  See, I'm new to all this and am trying to learn as much as possible b/c one (my) best friends has FMS for about 10 years now.  Right now, she is going through a really bad time and her doc has brought up the option of going to go to some place called &quot;Oschners.&quot;  Do you know anything about this place? I've tried using Google search engine and pulled up nothing.  Yes, I have gone to the FMS forum and have even posted some.  One question... what is the difference between Forums and Message boards?  Thanks once again!! ^_^AuSsie
Bryann,AuSs
Hey brynn, I read some of that info posted by Jeannie on th efms boarda nd somewhere read that along with what you said about he most prevailent symptom, altough many people ahve both fms and cfs, the top diagnosis will be determined by the onset reason. i can't remember which site i was on but read that they were thinking in most people with prevailent cfs-onset came after a lingering virus wether it be ebv or something else, and people with fms as the prevailent onset was caused by trauma to the body. Prevailent is what is initially dx, then the other follows suit or something to those effects. i have both but normally just tie cfs in with fms fatigue comes w/ pain vise versa-both are pretty equally distributed in my life. Tired and in pain-the story of my life.
oh i know-just reporting what i read- and i read up on oschners-info from the web is not extensive-sounds just like a normal hospital from any other town-from some new england town, and it has nothing specifying fibromyalgia-it's apparently not a specializing hospital, although maybe they have great docs who know about fibro there. Not like St. jude's though or a unversity hospital. check your sources as some info can be misleading or maybe it's not-just speaking from the info i found on this hospital. maybe you, aussiegirl, have better info and could tell us where to look?
Hi there, im new to this site and i dont know what im doing. Ive suffered from chest pain since last december and it has slowly spread through my arms stomach legs etc. I have constant headaches, i dont sleep well at all if i sleep. I am always tired. I have been to see several different doctors at my practice and they all have said take paracetamol it will go away and it hasnt. Only one doctor decided it was viral fatigue, but i havent had any major viruses. Other than that ive had no help and i dont know what is happening to me. I am a single parent with two young children and i feel so helpless as im so tired all of the time and am missing out on doing things with them because of this which is just adding to guilt i already feel due to whatever is wrong with me. Is there anyone that could tell me they feel similar as at the moment i feel im on my own with all of this and when i try to explain how i feel to people they dont seem to believe me or take me seriously.
Thanks Donna!
Thanks Brynn and Donna for replying to my messages, the sites you listed brynn were great help. And donna as a mother myself, i know how hard it is when you know your child is ill and no one listens. I think your a wonderful mother and doing a great job. For the past two days i have felt alot better myself, but as usual i don't expect this to last so i have been doing as much as i can so when the fatigue sets in again, i hopefully won't feel so overwhelmed by things that have to be done - fingers crossed i will have already done most of them! I saw the doc again on monday and she is refering me for some more tests. Thanks for your replies and deb i have not forgotten about you i will be in touch soon xxx
Hi. I am not sure how this all works, but my older sister has been suffering some unusual symptoms and is currently going through tons of different tests and have found nothing yet. She suffers from pain on the side of her head, headaches, she says that she is tired most of the time,has incredible pain in her knees, and says she just aches all over. She is only 28 years old and when I saw her tonight she couldn't hardly stand on her knees very long. My first thought of course was lymes disease especially because we live in the midwest. She has been tested twice and both came back negative. Last Saturday she was taken by ambulance to the hospital because she had shortness of breath and she said her heart was racing. Her blood pressure was low and when the nurse had her stand up her heart rate became faster. I had never heard of Cronic Fatique, but just reading a few things, it sounds so much like my sister. How did some of you find out that this is what you have? She is going through so many tests and with her husband being a farmer they don't have health insurance. Any help would be great! Please email personally if possible: meganklauer@yahoo.com Thanks so much!
Hey, I'm 21 years old and was wondering if there was any other people around my age on this forum?  I've never met anyone my age who suffers with CFS, and so I would really like to meet some people who are also going through what I'm going through.   
If you're really desperate to make contact with someone and share ideas on how to cope with uni etc, perhaps you'd like to pop over to the fibromyalgia forum and talk to some of the young people there. As I'm sure you know, fibro and CFS patients share many symptoms and issues. There are some uni students on the fibro forum, so I'm hoping that you might be able to find someone to talk to there.
Hi There! Welcome to HW! This is a great forum and you will get to meet a lot of people who you probably can relate to...I am usually in the Lupus/Kidney Forums but I saw your post and wanted to comment on it! I am so sorry you have CFS. I can't say I do but I do have really bad fatigue associated with Lupus. I am 21 and I am doing everything I can do to stay a full time student and hold a full time job as an accountant. It is extremly challenging. I am actually going to be starting Chemo on Friday to try and get my Kidneys and Lupus back under control, I am hoping this might also help with my fatigue. You also might try the Lupus forum, I think there are quite a few young people on there that suffer from chronic fatigue.
I'm aboutGabby
Mazfire...we are happy to have you :)
My son is only 16 and we are now supposing he has CFS.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Up until he got sick, he was in amazing shape, a highly trained athlete who was working out every day.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; He go a really nasty flu-like virus late last Spring, which knocked him out for about the benefit of a Prednisone taper.&nbsp; Has anyone else out these had success with steriod treatment?&nbsp; Thanks so much, in advance.
What a great post we have here, I definitely needed to hear the different stories of what people are going through, because I have been having a rough time also.  I'm 25, and I was diagnosed with EBV aboutIf anyone wants to email with me, you can find me on yahoo.  My screen is jay23kean.  I would really like to chat with Yosemite Sam, because I feel that I have the same symptoms as your son, and so I would like to know what he has, if your family ever finds out.  Or, you might want to have him tested again for EBV, because the way his nervous system and muscle systems are being affected, I went through the same thing.  Well, hopefully I can serve as good news, that yeah...I was able to get through it....but I did not like when my lymph nodes became inflammed...I think when that happened, I was demonstrating signs of mono.  But my doctors refused to test for it, even though I had EBV....I just don't understand doctors sometimes.
For any CFS/FM sufferer: find an ND (Naturopath) or DO (Osteopath) who does soft tissue therapy at least 45% of his time and be rid of all your aches and restless legs; it's gentle and drug-free.  
Hi Snohare,
Hi Brynn !

Greetings from the Frozen North !
Hi snowhare,
Hiya carrot !

Quelle relief.Actually&nbsp;I kind of guessed that you'd been side tracked....(Yes I've been lurking elsewhere, out of curiousity. Hope it's all sorted.)
Hhmm, yes, I do think I've met the pun-master!  I don't know specifically of a website devoted to butterflies and moths.  There might be one, you know one can find just about anything and everything one can think of on the internet.  But even if there's not a dedicated website, there should still be plenty of info to be found.  I'll let you know if anything interesting turns up!

Has anyone tried Gamma Globulin shots, and what sort of reaction did you have?
i took them back in the days, it help me got back on my feet, but this yeargot sick again, i have lyme, get check for lyme
 taking or continue or discontinue medication or shots. You don't want this thing to get a hold of your organs. You immunities are not doing their job you need some from the shots. God bless and hope you heal well
Hi. I'm very pleased to have found this site. It seems like there's not many of them out there!
Hi James,

Wow, great info, snohare!
After a night in Mexico&nbsp;that included some drinking and an unprotected one night stand I have been sick. The next morning my stomach hurt and i felt bad. That night i woke up drenched. I felt pain in my sides and i felt bloated for about a week.&nbsp; I took a week of anti-boitics but nothing really helped. It finally seemed to go away. Then I started to get a pain under my bottem right rib. I had an autra sound and things seemed ok. I went for HIV test at about 6 weeks. It was neg. I&nbsp;developed slight sore throat (no strep) and a&nbsp;painful stye in one eye that lasted a week, and had a couple of raised blood filled spots on my inner cheek that lasted a day. Then the lympth nodes started to hurt. this was about 3-4 &nbsp;months after Mexico. First under my jaw, and now under my arms pits, and my inner thighs.&nbsp;I feel very tired all the time, but not as bad as some of the people here. I was very worried about the HIV.&nbsp;Could that&nbsp;have brought out the EBV since I had mono many years ago. My CBC said my BUN and CO2 was high, and that I had convalescent antibodies consistent with past infection for EBV. The lymth nodes come and go, and I am currently at the the 6th month since my Mexico trip. I will test for HIV again, but all the other STDs don't seem to fit. I did another EBV and thyroid test and am waiting for the results. Can someone give some advice (other than - don't go to Mexico)



Well, I just saw the infectious desease doc. He tested me for hiv and the Heps. and also am xray of my chest looking for cancer. He sounds 50/50 I have hiv, so I am feeling alittle down right now.&nbsp; Now I have to wait. He doesnt think it's EBV because my igg. I had exposure at one time but not the active infection one would have if it was EBV. I guess the only symptoms are lymph nodes in my arm pits, and a kinda burning in my elbow and legs with fatigue.

Hi TJ ! (Sorry, my fingers are getting tired    )
Hi TattingJeanie,
TattingJeanie,
Hey Jeanie,I'm also brand-new to this site. I was recently diagnosed with Chronic Lyme Disease which is causing chronic fatigue for me. I'm pretty new to this all, but I know what you're going through. My relationships, work and pretty much everything else are suffering because I am just so tired I feel like I need to sleep ALL day. I sadly don't have a whole lot of ideas at the moment for you but would love to chat with someone who knows what I'm going through. It's nice to finally not be alone. :) Talk to you soon, LG
Hi, I am a new at this Chat Room...and i feel is guess &quot;good&quot; that i am not the only person feeling like this.. I am pist..Because now my body is taking another form,something that i am new. Feeling tired all the time, doctors testing me for this,testing for that, taking blood here and there. I was also, told the i am extremely anemic..and depends on my lastest results for the cbc blood cells, i may need to have a either more testing of course,blood transfusion..and so on...My husband can sort of understand, but no one else does. I had seen so many many doctors,,until just tonight, he point blank said, :you have CFS...but i am doing other test for my red blood count,because they are dropping...I know, there is someone outthere that can understand my frustation, and i Thank You for letting me part of this ...I am very positive...! i don't let this things let me down..however, tonight , i feel like i am on a hole.. I am walking a the 3-Day breast Cancer Walk in Ca in Oct/05, i started training...but i can only walk 30 mins so far, because my legs, well they just don't want to do their job..I don't care, i am doing my walk no matter walk... Just even to shower gets me so fatigue...i am getting me a haircut to stop this...  
And if anyone else, would like to comment or help me or i may need of any assistance Hey i am right here...
Pray4cure...
   
I have't been diagnosed with CFS but I am desperate to find out what is wrong with me.&nbsp; I have been in remission from Hepatitis C for about a year.&nbsp; I was on interferon for a year and was practically comatose during that time.&nbsp; I have been off the medication for over a year but I am exhausted all the time.&nbsp; I have chronic pain mostly in the upper part of my body but the joints in my knees and ankles do hurt sometimes.&nbsp; I cannot focus and complete a simple task.&nbsp; Even while writing this I am drifting off, spacing out.&nbsp; Can anyone give me a direction in which to go from here?
I'm logging off for now.  I won't be back until next week.

I would be really interested in that info. too. Are there any diet changes I can make....Anything I can do?
Wow, thank you. I'll work on that! Would anyone be interested in trying to organize a CFS chat?
Sounds great, thanks
LOL!!


   &nbsp;I an new to this group and and I am new to forums is anyone out there?

I was just treated for kidney infection with cipro for a week. day after last pill I was plunged in to a fatigue flare up. too tired to pet my cat! doc making me stay home till Monday to rest. so now I am wondering, if infection gone, and tests showed it was, what it causing flare up? has this happened to anyone else? have to wonder why I had more energy with the infection than now. could it have been the antibiotic that caused the flare up?I welcome your input.
I have CFS and Fibromyalgia.&nbsp; I haven't been able to work for about a year.&nbsp; I want to put up a website to help other people dealing with Fibro, CFS, and/or Chronic Pain because I feel like helping others in their fight will help me in mine.&nbsp; When I first found out what was wrong with me there weren't many websites out there on the subject.&nbsp; Now there are many great sites to visit.&nbsp; So I'm wondering if the net really needs another website about Fibro/CFS.&nbsp; What do you think?&nbsp; I would like to know what would be helpful to you.&nbsp; What kind of a website have you, my fellow sufferers,&nbsp;been looking for that you would like to see online?&nbsp; What kind of a site on the subject of FM, CFS, and/or Chronic Pain would be most helpful to you?&nbsp; I would love to hear your ides and needs because I don't want to just put up another site with the same information all the other sites have already.&nbsp; Thanks for sharing.
I was really hoping that my fellow sufferers would be able to contribute some of thier real needs or a fresh new spin on the subject that could really help others and me.  A site that would compliment this one but maybe be more in dept on just one subject or main concept.  Something that maybe they wouldn't go into deeply here.  I plan on hanging out here too.
Hi everyone,DarrenC
Boy do I know how you feel. Any doctor that I have spoken about the feelings to have just looked at me like I am nuts. I don't know what causes it but I can tell you if you try to focus on ONE spot when you stand up or begin to feel dizzy/heavy it can help divert the fuzziness.
So I am stood queuing in a local supermarket today and I am swaying and just can’t stand still comfortably without this annoying sensation of this unbalance. So much so I put my items down and walked out of the store.So that’s my story so far, how is everyone else getting on?
I can't even believe I found this group! I just joined today! I'm 41 years old, used to be normal and healthy until I developed thyroid issues (noticeable ones) in 2009. Since then, I've been trying to take charge of my health, eating more healthily, but because of my sedentary job, I am in front of a computer about 10 hrs a day. I am hoping to begin exercising more regularly once the weather breaks. I bundle up and go walking with my mom as often as possible, but I have to hold on to her for MY sake. She's in better shape at 75 than I am!&nbsp; 
Thanks.well could end up there.started using mouth guard last nite cause of teeth grinding.i am suspicious of bp meds but I guess he wants to eliminate other possibilities.been a mystery so far.but has to be a answer.thanks again.gonna keep at it
Hello, I have been feeling unwell for almost 8 years now and things are getting to the point where I feel like I will be dead within the next 6 months if I don’t get some answers.  I do not know what is wrong with me and I am posting with the hopes that someone will recognize some of my symptoms and possibly identify what I might be going through. I am desperate and appreciate any and all comments.Thanks in advance.
Hi jr991,What doesn't kill you makes you funnier.
I can't believe how many people have responded suspecting a possible Lyme infection.  I had a feeling that it could be Lymes disease and I ended up doing the blood test through Igenex however it came back negative with only band 41 showing an Indeterminate result.  I just started a 3 week trial of antibiotics to see if I notice any improvement.I have gone so many years with weird symptoms I am almost expecting to never find out what's wrong with me.  I just wanted to provide an update on the Lymes test.
PS Men DO get Fibromyalgia. I think men make up aboutI take vitamins, Tramadol for pain, Flexeril as needed.
Hi To All-LalA
I just stumbled upon your post. I am normally on the Lyme Board and was just looking at other health topics. I have almost all of your symptoms and I have late stage Lyme Disease. Your symptoms are consistent w/ Lyme Disease and it's very &quot;suspicious&quot; that your symptoms started after a camping trip. I would recommend that you go to the Lyme forum on healing well. There is a thread, called &quot;New to Lyme&quot; that has a lot of good info. You need to find a LLMD (Lyme Literate MD) to be properly evaluated, tested, and diagnosed w/ Lyme Disease. You said that you are in Canada? I'm not sure if there are any LLMDs in Canada. More than likely, you would need to travel to the U.S. to see one. Lyme testing is complicated, but in a nutshell, it's highly inaccurate and the sicker you are, the less likely that a Western Blot test will be positive because Lyme Disease supresses the immune system, making it difficult for the body to form antibodies. The best testing is through IGENIX labs, but most Drs. don't tend to order tests through them. However, Lyme is a clinical diagnosis, which is why you need to see a LLMD that specializes in it for proper evaluation. I hope this helps you. I wish you the best and a return to health.
Thank you rossco, that's a wealth of information not know by me on CFS, I was starting to think i'm the only one with this disease who is also without a Dr. to treat it. But I have learned something new today and that counts :) Among other things I've learned is that I need to stop feeling sorry for myself ;{
I can completely relate to what you are suffering with... it is the same with me (right down to your every symptom). I have been struggling for over 20 years now... only to have doctors repeatedly tell me that nothing is wrong. But I wonder if nothing could make me feel as if I'm dying all the time? It's very hard to enjoy life feeling this way. I can't give any advise as to what it is we may have... I just wanted to let you know that you are very well understood. 
PS the jaw is full of bacteria-fungus-spirochete and parasites.  Its the most likely place to have an infection of multiple issues-polymicrobial. If you suspect lyme and your doc  hasn't checked jaw then you may want to consider other docs
I'm probably just fussing but i thought i could ask you lot if i might have this.Thanks

I know someone who suffered from Crohn's.  I remember him being off work for months at a time.  He was in his 30s at the time and he had a very active  and stressful job in marketing.Snohare, Is there a cure for Crohn's ?
BrynnThanks Brynn for your help.
Brynn
I was hoping you would return from the sleepy.  
Hello Charlie 2.linc
OK!
Thank you for all your advice everyone!!!!!
Well, I'm with Brynn here... not sure if that's good or bad news... BUT... ongoing depression and anxiety are nothing to 

You guys are really funny and i like this thread a lot. to add to the confusion i always thought snohare is female as well , so we have something in-common brynn. and the second thing from your name and vast knowledge brynn i also thought your male ( no disrespect for female knowledge here lol ) . 
I suffered severe cronic fatigue for years before finally getting an overnight sleep study which showed I had sleep apneaheavy sooring is a sign of a sleep disorder and these cause cronic fatigue
PFC
Hi BrynnI have suggested to several cronic fatigue organisations that they need to talk more with sleep disorder docs and groups

Wow, no wonder it was such a shock to learn about the sleep disorder!  Sounds like you had every reason not to suspect it.  Just so glad that you're doing better, and I hope that you continue to do so.  Cheers!
Hi, I haven't posted on this forum before but I had a question about sleep disorders.&nbsp; My husband and I believe that he suffers from obstructive sleep disorder (even though he hasn't been dx'd yet).&nbsp; I sometimes can't sleep because I can hear him gasping for breath every 5 minutes in his sleep and the majority of the time it wakes him up.&nbsp; He is constantly tired and sleeps until about 3pm on the weekends.&nbsp; He often tells me that he feels himself falling asleep on the road (scares me terribly!!!)&nbsp; We both know that he needs to see a doctor however we don't know what kind of doctor... GP, ENT, ??&nbsp; If anyone can help me with this I would appreciate it and if I'm in the wrong forum for this problem, I apologize.
Hi Des,
Thanks for responding brynn.  I will check with our PCP to find out what to do next.  I was reading before about
No, I don't know what they cost.  My best guess would be anything up to around $1000 per night, but that is really a GUESS.  But once your Dr refers you, you can call the sleep lab and ask about
&nbsp;Hi, my name is Jon and I'm 22. Recently been diagnosed with CFS (almost by telling my useless NHS doctors that's what's wrong with me- after being diagnosed with Sinusitus!? and a lot of fobbing off).

   

Hi Mark,

Snohare.

Oh, that IS odd!  Why market an artificial sweetener if it has the same calories as sugar???
Here is a suggestion for posting in the forums.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There are 2 big reasons for this.&nbsp; 
Thanks Peter, I didn't know about point 2) or perhaps my post titles&nbsp;might not start with the emotional flypaper I tend to use !    
I was recently diagnosed with Epstein Barr Virus. I also tested positive for Mono. I am not a teenager, nor have I been kissing any teenage boys (lately,lol) I just got a call from  a nurse, and not much information. So now what? From what I understand from the research I have done is that I will basicly have this condition for life, with times of flare ups. I have been suffering from fatigue for more than 15 years. I always thought it was from my chronic depression. It is nice to have an actual blood test to confirm why I am feeling so lousy. I have always had this &quot;invisible&quot; disease that my family questioned. Thank You
Cocoa123, please tell me what ur father &quot;stumbled across&quot; that helped you so !?

Hi ltlgirl,
Yes but I found out the hard way that Lyme Disease and other co-infection testing in a standard lab is very innacurate. I myself was tested for it twice one in a standard lab by a standard doctor (not a lyme specialist) and the other with the specialist through a specialized lab like Igenex in Palo Alto, California. The first test was negative and the second positive which is how I got a diagnosis for my illness. Unfortunately not too many 'average' doctors know too much about Lyme disease and how unreliable testing is. If someone suspects that their symptoms look like Lyme, I strongly urge them to seek a Lyme specialist or at least a Lyme literate doctor.
  &nbsp;don't know about the resof you ,but i have a lot of these symptoms too.Except for the testicles,there fine and dandy.I was looking for what cf was and this lymme deisase problem fits the bill.Iam always tired stiff joints,ect.Who knows .i have a dr appointment tommrow and this is one test i surly am going to ask for.backwardbob

Well here we go,

hey D, i know what you are going through. i hate this dd so much. in jan. my dr. put me on 40 mg. of pred. and i was feeling so good. i felt like i did before i had cd. got down to 10 mg. and got sick again so dr. put back up to 20. then tapered down t 15 mg and ended with small obstruction so back up to 20 mg i go. it's like a freakin roller coster. well i'm still on the 20 mg and still having d. i'm tired of this and everything else. i think you know how little i weighed in jan. and i'm scared 'm going to end up ther again. to while i'm on the pred. i'm going to eat what i can and gain as much weight as i can before i get off of it. i did have the malnutrition and it made me feel so bad. as far as the B12 shot goes i use to get those every month and at the end of the month i would always start feeling bad, but when i would go to dr. and get the shot i would start feeling better the next day. so maybe B12 shot would be a good idea for you. hope you start feeling better soon!:)
thanks drule and brynn, going to dr. wed. and i'm going to talk to her and see if we can figure out what's going on.
Hi all - John
I have to add a couple more things re: the supplement.All the best to you -
I taken prednisolone for my sorethroat. it was amazing.  Pain and soreness went off so quickly.

Sorry you're having such a terrible time.  It is such a hopeless feeling, isn't it?  I have not been diagnosed yet with anything either.  I'm 36 and I've hit this wall of fatigue.  My arms/legs hurt, tingle, etc.  I have other symptoms.  I'm seeing my GP and neuro.  All blood tests have been fine.  MRI was normal.  So, they are continuing testing.  Have you had your b12 level checked?  I had mine checked about three months ago and was deficient.  Of course, I felt better for a day or so after my first injection, and then the bottom fell out.  I've been fighting symptoms ever since.  My b12 is back to normal and has been for some time, but my symptoms seem to keep progressing.  I don't know much about CFS.  I just came to this forum to see if I shared any symptoms.  I have found out one thing during all of this....no one is going to make sure that you are taken care of, but yourself.  Change doctors if you need to.  Keep on their butts about your health.  At times, they seem to think it's all in your head, I'm sure.  But, you know and I know that the symptoms are real.  Hang in there, and make someone get to the bottom of this for you.  Find a doc that you have confidence in and can talk to.  Good luck. Tanya
Could any one please tell me if a Sed Rate ESR test would be abnormally evidence? (Preferably on the web)
&nbsp;
Hi TY,
Hi TY,I was going to tanning salons years back and similar happened to me, i found that the cream was to strong for my skin, perhaps this is what maybe happening to you....
Hi all! I've been doing a lot of reading on CFS and I haven't been diagnosed yet. I'm actually going to see an internal specialist next week to find out if he can figure out what's wrong with me (as i've said i've been sick for 10 months and all tests have come back normal). I'm hoping he's dealt with CFS before and can recognize it (i read that internal specialists/generalists are the ones that usually find CFS, not doctors). 
Hi birdchic,
Thanks you guys for the info, it's greatly appreciated. I have been doing tons of research, even long before the diagnosis(the last 5 months or so). I knew almost right away that it was probably this (but felt stupid for assuming since i'd been to so many specialists and no one said an anything) it's just so hard to read about everything. One last question... I've noticed and written down 35-40 different symptoms, but some only happen occasionally and some (like severe stomach pain that lasted for 9 days) come and go. Do the symptoms last throughout the illness, generally, or do some come and go like that? thx guys!!!!
Hi mj,
&nbsp;
Hi again birdchic,
i find  that folic acid, potassium, B 12, B 6, multi vitamin and flax seed oil will help
I'm in my last year of high school and for my second credit english course I decided to do a novel for our major individual project. well, in february I wasn't feeling so bad and I hadn't been diagnosed yet, and now I can barely get out of bed in the morning, nevermind write a 60-90 page novella. I feel horrible sick most of the time and it's even getting hard to type because I get really bad brain fog, headaches and my arms are realy weak. problem is, it's due NEXT WEEK!!! 6 days to be exact, and I still have to write minimum 32 pages, edit it all 2-3 times, write an interview, fill out a bubble sheet, do a bibliography and some research and make a cover page. plz, any advice would be greatly appreciated!!!
I have posted several times in this forum, but I thought I would share my story, so it would be visible to more people. My hope is that all of the research and time I spent trying to figure out CFS will be helpful to someone else. I also wanted to have only one post to check, so I can come back and answer any questions that people may have. So here goes....&quot;Going down the road feeling fine.&quot;
REF: Post from Bookworm12. You have developed CUSHING SYNDROME. This is a result of long term steroid use (Prednisone) This causes elevated levels of the hormone Cortisol (the stress hormone). Physical changes include all mentioned above, buffalo hump, moon face, and a redistribution of fat in the body. This is a very difficult diagnosis for a physician to make but in actuality it shouldn't be. It requires a high level endocrinologist. High levels of Cortisol will also begin to cause mood swings & many patients will go on to develop psychiatric disorders. Sadly, it's not recognized until it's too late.
Greetings, I thought I'd share some of my experience with hopes of helping others and preventing the the long, distressing cycle in getting a cfs diagnosis and a potential treatment for those who fall in the EBV and HHV6 group.Sorry for the long post but this has been a very long journey and one that i hope will be behind me in the near future.  I wish all those suffering the best and am happy to help if i can.

Hello all. I'd like to share my ME/CFS story here and hopefully it can be of some help/interest.Thanks for reading!
Hi - in case anyone is still reading this, I have a theory.&nbsp; I had the exact same thing&nbsp;- a year of awful fatigue having previously been a junior international athlete.&nbsp; At the end of that year I was taken in for emergency appendectomy and the surgeon said my appendix "had been a problem for some time".
hallo, i'm again new here...
  &nbsp;YES !
The mono will make you very tired and it will take some time for your body to get back to normal. Do not over do while recup'ing, it can really set you back. Susie

I am 34 years old female of 2 kids recently for the last few weeks.I told the Dr this and he tells me it could be stress i don't think so. I am all out of reasoning why this is happening. I am sick and tired and i am sick of being tired.


Hi 50secs,

Hi 50 secs,a.k.a.Mela.............
I'm 47. Since Febuary of this year after a brief bout with the flu, I've never been able to bounce back. Constant fatigue, having to relieve myself every 3 hours, and generally feeling like my whole objective for the day is to get home and crash. Even after resting I feel like I'm exhausted. So today I decided to do a web search, and found this site.Read the FAQ's, and suspect I have CFS. I'm thinking of seeing my doctor, but wondering if there is any point as it seems that there is little that he can do or even test to confirm if I have it. I just don't want to go to my doctor and seem like I'm just complaining I'm tired all the time.
Thanks for your encouragement. I've also suspected the possiblity of diabetes, which scares me to      , yet conversely makes me afraid to find out for sure---Nothing like the state of denial to keep you from taking the steps to get help.
Saw my family doctor this week. He didn't think I had CFS. Had a blood test to check things out. The blood test came up with everything looking OK. Don't know where to go from here.
Sorry to hijack this thread, but I wanted to let Snohare know that Ralph has been asking about

&nbsp; Hello everyone. This is my first time here and my first post. I began to feel tired and run down in February. I had that I may be getting sick " achy" feeling, and it has continued until now....daily!!! I went to the DR. in March and had a CBC, total metabolic panel, ANA, rapid strep, Sed rate, lymes, b-6, b-12, mono......everything normal.
Hi Pascal, it.&nbsp; Look for my 1st reply in this thread:

My experience was that there is no firm way of diagnosing CFS. For 18 months I had every known test, all of which told me I was healthy, and in the end I was told: We think you have CFS. I looked at CFS on the internet, and found that I had nearly all the symptoms.There are, however, doctors who specialise in CFS (though not where I live) and make sure, before you spend money on a doctor, that you have found one who understands CFS: many of them do not accept that it exists, since they have no sure test for it and no available cure.
Hi all
Hi all,
Hey,
Hi Joden.Steve
Hey everyone I'm new here. I think I have chronic EBV? Well I know I got EBV in November but now it is back. I feel terrible. As I know most others do on here. It hits me really bad neurologically. Is there a special doctor that I can see for this? Are there any treatments for it? I can't seem to find many answers on the internet. Thanks


Hi Jennifer,
  &nbsp;Hello,

Hi everyone,
Dear Jenny D:Gaby
just to introduce myself 
Hello, I am 20 years old and have been diagnosed with CFS. about                I have improved some since I began to feel this way. I now can run a mile and lift some light weights. But if I do too much I get a headache and feel whipped out the next day. I have seen countless doctors. I recently went to one that told me I am depressed and there theres no such thing as chronic fatigue. Its just depression. I have told him that I get intravenious vitamin injections (which make me feel better). He explain that anyone who tells me I have CFS is just trying to take my money for treatment. It really got me worried. But I dont feel depressed, just tired all the time. I feel anxious an nervous and have no self confidence anymore because I dont have the energy anymore. This doctor that is giving me injections is doing it for free, and says he doesnt want any money. He just wants me to get better. So with him I dont think this is the case. But could this really be a mental problem? I am anxious, nervous and cant think at times. I am not depressed and would be happy if I had energy. I feel like I am not who I used to be because I can play any sports anymore. Some doctors say that theres really nothing wrong with my body and its all mental and they want me to go to a physciatrist. (sorry for spelling) What do you guys think? I feel its a waste of money. I dont feel like its worth it for my parents to pay $300 for someone to talk to me and tell me to take a pill. I really just dont know what to think or do. I just want to be who I used to be. These doctors telling me theres no such thing as chronic fatigue really get me worried.
I am the same way with the fatigue. If I am up early and do something, I will need a nap  by the afternoon. Do you have trouble sleep?
Dear William...I feel for you..I know this is very difficult. If you look CFS up online, you will find all the symptoms you listed. CFS is real. Lots of doctors don't believe it, but they DO believe in depression. Yes, depression will also make you tired, but not usually chronically and completely exhausted. Some of the things&nbsp; you had previously can be a precursor to CFS. My advice is not to give up. Your vitamin injections are a good thing....what you CAn do to exercise will also help. There are some things that can be prescribed to help, but not alot. My suggestion to you is please find another doctor. Go to someone who understands CFS. (you can also research this online). Don't give up and stay connected to people who can support you.&nbsp;CFS &nbsp;is (unfortunately) real. Lots of docotrs don't believe in things like ADD or ADHD and autism, although they are also real. I have an autistic son. My heart goes out to you, but PLEASE, find a empathetic doctor who will listen to you and help you. DON'T give up!! Who knows...they have a cure in a few months, years time!! Kepp yourself surrounded by people who will listen to you and support you. OK? Laura
Dear friends---you are all so helpful.&nbsp; PLEASE--read my post in the "DEPRESSION" section.."DIAGNOSIS-DEPRESSION"...did NOT know where to post---concerns CFS...&amp; DEPRESSION-----(And Mitral Valve Prolapse....&amp; UNDERACRIVE THYROID)------are they ALL CONNECTED????  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Please--get back ASAP...THANKS &amp; BLESSINGS-----Robert
my name is joanie, and i have had cfs for 13 years .&nbsp; i have many of the most classic symptoms but the most troublesome is the profound fatigue, morning noon and night, 24/7.&nbsp;&nbsp;now, my newest symptom is the 20 lb loss of wiehgt in 7 months.&nbsp; this is very new to me since losing weight has always been difficult for me and have basically been the same wieght all my life and it has never been an issue, since my weight is good to begin with!&nbsp; has any one else experienced this?? the doctors do not have an answer for me since my bloodwrk all comes back normal.&nbsp; in addition, my appetitie is not as good as it used to be. can anyone relate?&nbsp; id appreciate some feedback.&nbsp; thank you!
I can, if it too late plan one for next time so ill know
This is my 7th day on valtrex and feeling terrible flu like symptoms with pain in hands and legs. Fatigue is also worse. I know Dr Lerner's website states that patients may feel worse before feeling better. Anyone else feeling this? In addition to Dr Lerner's protocol please research monolaurin.
G'day.And, thanks to the Net and sites like this, I’m not completely on my own any more.
--Help--anyone--Scaredy Cat, Jen, ---I'm confused!!!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; As you know--me &amp; wife just returned from midwest -to home in East Coast.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For background info---i suffer from---Mitral Valve prolapse-SVT-irritable bowel syndrome- anxiety----&amp; chronic fatigue.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
RobertCarol
I found a fairly informative site using Google.Mel
Hello, i am a 28 year old male that has been sick for around 6 years. I have severe food, chemical, and medication sensativities. I am sensative to artificial sweeteners, fluoride and chlorine in tap water, dairy, caffiene, and sugar. If i drink or consume caffiene i start getting a shortness of breath immediately along with a feeling like i need to catch my air. Then i will get terrible panic attacks. If i drink tap water with fluoride i start getting muscle twitches all over my face and body and become extremely fatigued. The flouride will also make me have nightmares and a feeling like im sufficating in my dreams along with me kicking my legs in order to get out of the dream. Flouridated tap water also gives me electric shock syndrome if i consume even a few sips of tap water. I know this sounds impossible but its true. I used to have severe pain for almost a year straight,joints hurt, burning pain throughout the whole body. It was so bad i couldnt even do my dishes. I felt strange surges of elecricity throughout my head while this was happening. I quit drinking fluoridated tap water and everything got better. It is so wierd. If i drink tap water it comes back fast. I get severe panic attacks if i consume sucrolose or aspartame also. I am at the point where i am afraid to eat because im afraid of the reaction. Most days i am so tired and depressed until i get caffiene or sugar in my system but then i get sick from the reaction from sugar and caffiene.  If i consume just sugar like a sprite i start getting dizzy and shaky for about 3 years. I dont get heartburn anymore which is a good thing. My sensativities seemed to be worse after quitting the prilosec. I tell myself everyday im going to stay away from sugar and caffiene until the headaches come and then the cycle starts. Drink coke or mountain dew then getting panic attacks etc. I quit dairy because my throat starts to get scratchy andclose up after i drink milk. My gerd heartburn went away after i quit dairy. I cant be around cigarrettes, paint smell, mold, electronic smells, or laundry rooms without having reactions. I get so chocked up and become dissoriented if im around them to the point i lost my house because of this. The doctors tell me there is nothing physically wrong with me and tell me its my anxiety but i can assure you it goes way beyond anxiety. Iv developed a mild case of ocd because of this. Doctors think im a hypocondriact. If anyone can relate to anything i just wrote please write back. I wouldnt wish whatever this is on my worst enemy. Thanks.
Hi.&nbsp; I am new to forums as well as this hideous diagnosis of having EBV and CMV at the same time.&nbsp; 
My boyfriend I suspect has CFS - he has loads of symptoms.
Hi,
can only say pablo , i suffer with all the symptoms u describe and have cfssorry u do too
Hi everyone, Any help would be fantastic. Thanks guys. :)

..Hi and Welcome to HW ....I dont know what to tell you in all honesty but I do think that you need to talk this all out with your doc and see what is said by him/her ....there could be so many things that could be contributing to the way you feel ,in my opinion .I have crohns pg,and suffer from anxiety and panic disorder......my immune system is so out of whack that I catch everything and I too go thru days where I just cant get energy or dont want to do anything at all .If your doc isnt helping you to your satisfaction I would really think of getting another if thats an option for you........wish I could be more help but I know the mods and others on the forum will help you out ....it is usually easier to get answers to your posts if you put the question in the thread title as this way peeps will see what you are asking about&nbsp;
thanks.  Yeah, I forgot the title and then it was posted and I couldn't do anything about it. : /

Do get tested for leaky gut; it sounds like a good idea.&quot;Reach for the moon; even if you miss, you will land among the stars.&quot;
Hi. :) I normally do not post in this forum, but I read yours and wanted to give a couple suggestions. I agree with having a full thyroid panel done (including the free T3 and free T4), but also having full metabolic and rheumatological panels done as well (lots and lost of vials). You should go to a doctor that is not only familiar with how to read the tests, but who will also look beyond the negative tests and consider symptoms as well. The two specialists you need to see are a Rheumatologist and a Endocrinologist. Suspected: Psoriatric Arthritis, Lupus, Fibromyalgia, Epilepsy, Endolymphatic Hydrops, and whatever they decide next
Hello mangaka, did you do igenex for the lyme test? If so what were your band results? And who and how did they dx you with chronic lyme? Bands and symptoms? I also have mthfr, hashimoto ( you need your tgab and tpo antibodies checked) as well as, what I'm being told, is a posative lyme test - igenex - which can be a bit confusing. Most of my symptoms are neuro.
 hi you guys. I'm new here and just looking to connect with other people who are dealing with this illness. I'm wondering if any of you have tested positive for lyme or if you think that may be an underlying cause of cfs?
We've recently added our new&nbsp;" HealingWell.com&nbsp;and you'll be helping to support your favorite web site&nbsp;at the same time.

We've&nbsp;just added another new t-shirt design to the&nbsp; your favorite web site!

Hey Mel how are ya ........Just thought I would pop in and say hello lol ..........come to this forum once in awhile so am happy to see you as the Mod,be well and God Bless .......Lyn&nbsp;
Hello Melaney,
No Problem....The more the merrier :)Mel
We are looking for a volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Hi,
I encourage everyone to give as much as you can to help the refugees&nbsp;from the Hurricane Katrina disaster in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and elsewhere.&nbsp; This is the largest natural disaster to ever strike the United States and it looks like help will be needed for a long time&nbsp;to come.&nbsp; If we all pull together and give, we can make a difference in people's lives.&nbsp; &nbsp;
Hi all,
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hi, I have been having strange symptoms for over 8 months now. I get really, really tired followed by sever muscle aches in my arms and legs mostly. My eyes also feel very heavy. I have been to numerous docs- tests including tests for lupus, reumatoid arthritis, lyme, lipis, glucose etc. all come back normal. 
Hello Helen :)Melaney

Hello :)Mel
Hello, I am new here and I need help figuring things out. I was diagnosed with fibro about 6 or 7 years ago and I&nbsp;have yet to find balance. I suffered from the chronic pain of a back injury for over a year and then the pain of fibro... and I found myself so fatigued that it was taking all my energy to walk to the bathroom.
Dear frien,
  &nbsp;Thank you aladin... I will check it out. I hope you are well and that the day will bring wonderful things to you!
tyvm, my friend...take care :).....Aladin (daniela)
Allison, I always hate to hear about

Hi, Chad.  Welcome to the pce where we sometimes get wordy because we are so foggy brained and wore out dog tired--LOL
hi , i am new to this site , just wondered what suffers of this condition , think!



   Amen ! Well said Robert !
Hello,
  &nbsp;Hey there!




 

hah!  LOL.  i wouldn't want that on any sunday!  actually, the chocolate cyst looked a heck of a lot like a candied apple (it's where blood and tissue forms on the ovary...a benign tumor)  and the appendix looks like a breakfast sausage link!  eewwww.erin
No treatment as usual

Hi Everyone,

i too have read about valtrex for ebv. i take 1000 mg per day, because my cfs fevers seem to come from this. i also have high herpes-1 titers and this helps control this. neither are fully controlled, so i am going to ask my doc to up the dose. i understand up to 4 mg per day is ok
I have been feeling very tired and dizzy with headaches for about it. He said that my levels were 4000 and the average levels are around 100. If I dont feel better in 3-4 weeks to come back for further testing. This just doesnt sound right to me, any suggestions?


By the time a person is 40 years old over 95% of people have been in contact with EBV and are carriers for life. My understanding is that a person is&nbsp;only highly&nbsp;infectious though when they have a recent infection or if they have a resurgence of the virus. It is also possible as far as what I have read that people who first encounter EBV in middle age can get more sick than teenagers do. For older folks it sometimes becomes a chronic infection.
I actually had a milder case of mono about 6 months after the big case.  Which back then they said could not happen, but it did.  I strongly believe that ebv lingers in a person forever.
yes im 27 male diagnosed with mono may 1st they said i had a mild case did any of you have muscle aches and pains and weakness in muscless that was the main thing for me and sore ribs and itchy skin throat a little sore and 1 swollen node not to swelled though but i been fatigued still light hurts my head i get anxiety attacks i can't take this much more i feel like im 80 im so streesed my father is in the hospital with an anuerism on his heart my mother wanted me to wake up today and take her to see him i felt so bad i couldn't get up but eventually i did and can mono lower your lymphocyte count mine was 15.9 normal is 20-51 from my hospital my tonsils were never white also but monospot is only 85% accurate i was worried about hiv or mold in my apartment cause my g/f has same symptoms as me she was neg for hiv though and neg for monospot twice if you have mono and it goes away will the monospot be positive for the rest of your life. but im startin to think i have CFS, here in pittsburgh it seems like alot of people are getting sick with mono kinda strange maybe there puttin somethin in the food to weaken everyone's immune system for when the bird flu hits
ty mom well my doc said my lymphocyte count was a little low because of the mono but i don't know i don't really ever take naps but when i sleep i sleep 10 - 12 hours sometime but when i am up i have no energy but my family always tells me and my g/f don't go to doctors they will make you sicker and tell you that you have this and that which my mom is 70 smoked for 50 years never ever goes to the doc and she's in really good health i think better than me but i worry about hiv alot but i don't know im a big worrier.
I was just diagnosed with EBV after having been sick for 6 months. It started with constant nausea, fever, and utter exhaustion. Now, it is much more mild than in the beginning, but I aways feel a general feeling of fatigue, dehydration, and nausea. I am an extremely physically active person, energetic, and driven, and refuse to accept that I am just going to have to feel like this forever. I know that the symptoms can be somewhat controlled by making dietary changes, taking vitamins, etc. I was wondering if anybody out there with this condition has found a regimen that has helped them to manage the virus and live a somewhat normal life.Thanks everyone.
hello. it would be helpful if you could see an infectious disease specialist who specializes in CFS/EBV such as dr. a. martin lerner in MI. you will need EBV antibody subclasses test. you may&nbsp;need antivirals to solve your problem.
I have had EBV for 14 weeks, ( bedridden for 11 weeks) and have thankfully started to feel a bit bettter and wanted to share what I've done in order to get back to a semi-normal life.  I have been completely frustrated with the treatment for EBV....doctors just say, &quot;Go home and sleep&quot;.  This is not a good enough answer for me. I am fortunate enough to have good health insurance and I just wanted to share and hopefully help anyone who is suffering from this virus.  I searched and searched for answers and believe me...there is really not much out there except for out dated and conflicting advice.  I hope that anyone that is reading this this that has EBV is surrounded by love, compassion and understanding. It is an unexplainable experience and I wish I could say that it has been easy.  My only advise is to listen to what your body is telling you and give it what it needs. I can't tell you the things I have done will help anyone else, but I have reached out to many doctors and I recieved no real answers.  I wasted alot of energy to try and find &quot;the answer&quot; at a time when I had very little energy available.  I have a new found compassion for people with chronic illnesses. I hope that by sharing what I went thru, I can help anyone who is able to find this information.
seekanswers - I recently had my EBV tested and it was 640 which is a different number from yours. I was told it was extremely elevated. My test didn't have a range on it so I have no idea what the range even is. Mine was also EBV IgG VCA
You're Online...I'm Online...fancy a chat Jennifer ?
Hi all,
ok folks, I've got a bit of complicated scenario going on, and not getting any answers from docs despite extensive tests by infectious disease, rheumatism docs, endocrine docs (I had acromegaly in 2000- was 'cured' via removal of tumor- but the acro wasn't causing my symproms that I'll describe below) seen by many different docs- Some suggest Fibro- some write it off as my Crohn's - some suggest it's just my sleep apnea causing the issues- (However I'm no longer snoring at night but don't know if I'm still partially waking many times an hour or not- I can't use the sleep apnea machines because of ostomy issues)
HAs anyone experienced sucess with valtrex ?  Also anyone tried Valcyte  ?
Hello all,Any advice would be greatly appreciated!
Several years ago I was seen by Dr. Edwin Jacobson at U.C.L.A. medical center. I was given a the medication Sinequan or generic Doxepin. I actually responded very well for about a year until the Dr. told me I no longer needed to take the medication. I slowly became very ill again. I naturally started taking the Sinequan again and it I never responded to the medication again. I recently read a posting of a woman that saw Dr. Jacobson and was treated with medication and is doing very well. My question is, does anyone know of Dr. Jacobson and what medication he is now using to treat C.F.S. Thank you ---
I am considering moving to New Mexico. I am wondering what their medicaid covers there. Anyone here have experience with New Mexico's Medicaid?  Fibromyalgia, Chronic Multifactoral Fatigue, Diabetes, Cyclothymia, PTSD, Scoliosis
My dr who is a world authority on CFS/ME has tested all his CFS patients for LYme .HE has begun doing this systematically since 2012 with the BOrrelia ltt elispot from Germany.Over 95%of his patients are postive on this test me included.Ihope this be something up for discussion
After suffering with CFS for 25 years suddenly things are on the up 
I have been generally unwell for 10 years or so after a pretty nasty bite in japan (recently tested negative for Lyme). However, I was functional. I finished a doctoral program and worked a demanding job. Still do.Thanks in advance.
Dear forum members,Thank you for your consideration.
You don't have your email enabled, so I am left to address this on the forum.*I can usually post a link to any info that I post. Wish to see a link? Please just ask!
I have a lot of fatigue and have had it off and on for years.  Quite a few years back I was sent to a rheumatologist who ruled out fibromyalgia and CFS.  It was a hard pill to swallow.. I was really angry when the doc told me I was fine because I didn't feel fine.  So.. anyway the diagnosis I was given was depression.  My psychiatrist told me today he think I have CFS or Fibromyalgia and that perhaps I was misdiagnosed.  Any thoughts?
Hi. Jim r
Hi!Thanks!
Hi, Everyone - Zebra
I am a 16 almost 17 years old girl from Melbourne, I no longer have any friends and am bed bound. I am on the search for other teenagers just to add on Facebook or so what to be able to understand there are others out there. I want to make some friends that understand what I am going through and I can talk to and relate to. I have had CFS/ME for aboutShanaye.
In Nov 2014 my fiancé had a horrible car accident where he spent 2 months in ICU... I spent day and night there... then I came home to take care of my daughter. When he came home he was severely disabled which freaked me out how bad he was... prior to his accident I was very anxious , tired. .. I chalked it up to not taking vitamins and I'm a vegetarian...GG
Hi everyone,Fibromyalgia, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Interstitial Cystitis, Chronic Pelvic Ahesions, Ovarian Cysts, torn & herniated discs, Arthritis (lower back), Pelvic Floor Dysfunction, Hypoglycenia, Chronic Pain, previous Endometriosis
Hey everyone.  This is my first time reaching out to anyone about-noramouse
The Dr's and scientists I listed in the title have found CAUSES of CFS/Me, & M.S.Of all the CFS case studies; they ALL had a combination of these herpes viruses alongwith chronic bacterial infections of either chlamydophila pneumoniae and/or Mycoplasma
Has anyone ever experienced a dreamlike state you can't get out of for hours? What is wrong with me? Am I ever going to live again?
The latest science has PROVEN CFS is caused by a multitude of bacterial, viral, fungal, and/or parasitical infections...Multiple systemic infectious Disease that requires many different treatments for viral, bacterial, parasites, as well as detoxification from heavy metals!
Hello,
Hi all,It seems to be difficult to pinpoint TGF-beta1 based on what I am reading (it appears to occur in many situations!), but hoping my situation sounds familiar to someone out there.
Hi all, this is my first time posting on a forum but I am hoping to hear if anyone has any knowledge or similar experience as me as I'm starting to feel very alone! My story is quite a long one, my apologies!
I am actually so glad I found this forum online. I was recently diagnosed with CFS. And I am really scared about
Hi everyone... Im 24 years old male .I have a very strange problem and it's been years i can' understand what's my problem. Ok after 15 i lost a lot of weight i dont know why. I was not fat so after weight loss my face got haggard skin became thin holes undereyes and etc. then other symptoms came. I started to feel always tense nervous, anxious, my hands , feet always sweaty. Now im 24 and nothing has changed, again always tensed palm always sweaty and the most important problem is my face. I have good facial structure but look always tired worn out. Now i have gained mu weight back but mu face is the same, im 183 cm and 85 kg but i look skinny and unhealthy. Also i feel always tired. Please if somebody knows smth about this symptoms help!!
Wonder some days if I have Cfs ,what tests should I get done  
I had my appendix out in february and then had 2 more operations after due to iodine being left in my belly and the sepsis. Spent 2 weeks in hospital and quite a few complications since. But almost 6 months on Im still suffering from a few symtoms. I have a few ok days then BOOM,I go all pale and gaunt and can barely walk Im that fatigued. My last visit to the docs my bloods show my white blood cells are 2.1 and gradually dropping and platelets are low. I suffer from dizziness quite a lot also. One other niggling problem is, the last 6 months since last op, I havent been able to lie or lean on my left side,if I do i get excurciating pain in my right lower rib,top of stomach area and pain goes up into neck and shoulder. Ive had an ultrasound and said all is ok. Its so frustrating has I know something isnt right. When hoovering for example,when pushing out i can feel a clicking kind of thing in the same area. Any ideas whats going on in my body as my doctor doesnt seem to know. Im waiting an appointment to see an haematologist also. Thank you.
Hello fellow sufferers well well u know what I've never felt well a bit the environment seems to be against me all the time. I take no medication at all
If you're suffering with CFS & havent seen a Dr that is a medical detective, set out to find the ROOT CAUSE of your illness; you'll likely not get better or ever recover....M.S.I.D.'s. Multiple Systemic INFECTIOUS Disease syndrome
I have CFS and have been ill for quite some time.  I now have hypothyroidism also and am beginning to take Armour thyroid. I would like to know what the usual starting dose is. Has anyone taken this med?  I need to start out as slowly as possible due to the many reactions I have to medications and am wondering if the dosage on my pres. is too high.  Any input is appreciated. Thanks.
Yes this is my first post here, but I'm not new to the healing well forums. thanks
Hi(sorry i am from Belgium and my English is not so good...☺)
Hey guys,Thanks in advance.
about
Never posted in a forum before, but have very quickly exhausted all my options with doctors, specialists, blood tests. Some have insultingly said its all in my head, prescribed anti-depressants etc. I'm 28 this year.My next question: I am currently on Vitamin D + Magnesium + Vitamin K + Curcumin + Probiotics + Quercetin + Bromelian + Selenium + Alpha Lipoic Acid + Acetyl L Carnitine Arginate + Anti-viral blend of Essential Oils. Has helped maybe 20%. Planning to add EPA/DHA + Liver Optimizer by Jarrows + Adrenal Optimizer by Jarrows + Colostrum + Melatonin. Any other good ideas? Contraindications?
I have had this for about
My Dr just prescribed phentermine for cfs. I was dx with epstein-bar virus last year but have suffered from cfs/fibro for previous 6 years. Anyone taking phentermine?  Anyone receive glutathione injections that have helped????? Thanks!
Hi, I'm 29 and have had CFS badly for 10 years now.Any help appreciated, many thanks and love to you all
I have suffered from extreme fatigue since I was a child.  From the day I was born my mother said she would have to wake me up to feed me.  I will sleep 18 hours a day if I didn't have to get up.  Regardless of how much sleep I get, I never feel rested.  I drag myself through each day.Can anyone help?  I'm so tired of being tired ALL THE TIME.  I feel like I can't lead a normal life because of this.
***
I am new here and came looking for support and connection with others who suffer with chronic fatigue. I have been diagnosed with peripheral autonomic neuropathy (with there was a neurological section here), basically malnutrition (although I eat my body doesn't do much with it starting in my stomach and all the way through), and chronic fatigue syndrome (or as they are now calling it - systemic exertion intolerance disease). I am grateful to have a great group of people helping me medically including a neurologist, nutritionist, psychiatrist, and therapist and yet, in my every day life, I feel so alone. I don't have boils all over my face, I'm not in a wheelchair, I can walk and talk for at least part of the day, in other words, I look normal and I am constantly being faced with judgments and criticism. If you can't see it, it must not be real.It's not that I don't have friends and two great sons who try and understand as best they can, but I lack the understanding one gets from being able to share and support others who &quot;just know&quot; what this feels like and how absolutely life changing it is. I hope that this might be a place I where I can just be me without all the judgments that I look fine, so I must be fine.
I will try to keep this as brief as possible, but I've been battling a mysterious illness that doctors are clueless aboutAny information / follow-up questions are appreciated!
Last month I Took my daughter to the doctor. She was not feeling well very fatigued dizzy anxious. Her pressure was a little Low and she did have a low-grade fever of 99. The doctor drew blood testing for mono , Lyme  etc.  I was told that all results came back looking fine she did not have mono she did not have Lyme  and the doctor and I would keep in touch . A few days later I get call that hurt me BNA IgG was a little elevated at 1.06 I was told anything over 1.7 would be an active infection????? Is this true ? She went back in gave blood and was told today that the EBNA igg is at 1.66 - this is the only thing elevated . Vca igm is neg, VCa igg neg . They say she has nothing ! No mono and no EBV ?? Can anyone help - she is 17 and totally wiped out / I have never seen her so tired ! Just some history - she doesn't drink or smoke - no drugs No BF . She does have Von willowbrands diease . Clotting issue . Any ideas any help - I feel helpless
Hi everyone.  I have been on several of the other sections due to health problems for both myself and my teenage daughter.  Lately, over the past year, I have seen a number of symptoms that arise over and over again together and it finally hit me that she might have chronic fatigue.  She has other things that make things complicated to figure out, but I think she fits the criteria for CFS.  Some of her strongest symptoms are chronic very sore throat, and when that happens these things come up too.  Very upset stomach, bad headache, intestinal issues, malaise and very tired and, and body and joint aches.  It is so hard to get her to school.  She wants to go so much, but she feels awful.   CFS.  Thank you so much.
I was recently diagnosed with acute mono, after &quot;many&quot; years of Dr's unable or ever seeing anything like the tiny spots in roof of my mouth & tonsils, almost always accompanied by low grade fever, 99.9 & sore throat, & lethargic.Thank you!
Hi,?
I believe that I may have EBV. What doctor would I see for diagnosis?
When I first got this illness of ME about fibro, chronic fatigue, rls, ibs, depression, insomnia, and celiac.
I'm wondering if anyone with CFS has these symptoms? I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia, but I've recently been wondering if my fibro diagnosis is correct, as I have new symptoms and some symptoms have gotten worse. I am going to talk to my doctor, but I think she is going to say it's just fibro and/or anxiety. These are the symptoms I've had over the past year and a half:*Cross posted in the Anxiety, Fibromyalgia, Lupus, Lyme Disease, and Multiple Sclerosis forums.
Hi everyone I'm really having a rough time and looking for a little expertise if any one has, losing faith with gp&quot;s at my surgery. At the moment I'm taking 200 mg of slow release morphine a day, 2700 gabapentin and 60 mg duloxatine for severe elbow arthritis , ulner nerve damage to my right arm and depression, these conditions have changed my life as before I was fit and active, loved the gym etc, the nerve problem has altered the feeling in my right hand and it's at its least very uncomfortable and at worst almost agony, about 8 or 9 weeks ago I decided to taper my morphine down from 400mg to a lower dose to see if that would help with my tiredness, well I'm down to half that now and I'm much much worse, pain is worse, depression worse and some days I'm so fatigued I can't move off the bed, and when I'm on the bed I can't even move to get more comfortable,my normal bloods are good, I'm awaiting a more advanced test results, could this be down to dropping meds, stress , depression , I'm losing hope 👎
Hi,I feel like I won't bounce back from this. My boyfriend is visiting in two days and I had so many activities planned but now I don't feel like doing much. I don't know. What have all your experiences been as far as recoveries and relapses, interaction with POTS? And do you think I'm being needlessly hopeless or that it could be a worsening CFS?
Hello I am a regular on the Lyme forum but I am having a horrible time finding Dr.s that will treat it properly with antibiotics.  I also tested positive for mycobacterium pneumonia with levels high enough that it is either a recent of active infection.  I haven't had any chest problems for almost a year but I have a ton of symptoms that are consistent with chronic mycoplasma.  I read that some rheumatologists prescribe antibiotics to treat CFS.  I have not been diagnosed with CFS but I have almost all of the classic symptoms of it so it wouldn't be hard to go that route and the same antibiotics treat both Lyme and Mycobacterium.  Do any of you guys use antibiotics to treat your CFS or have recommendations for DR.s in Utah that will treat CFS with them?Thanks Greg
Hello forum readers. I am 16 years old and am currently suffering from a disorder that I have had my entire life, and spent the last 2 years trying to find, with still no conclusion. It started off, one day, when I became extremely hypersensitive to how my stomach was feeling after drinking alcohol for the first time. I felt like my stomach/ esophagus area was closed and... Im not sure if you've heard of the enteric system(look it up)... But there is a connection between you're stomach and your brain. Anyway, I felt this form of &quot;brain fog&quot; and &quot;disconneccted&quot; from the world, kind of like what I saw and thought wasn't actually my own thoughts. Keep in mind I've had this my whole life and am now just hypersensitive about this or could direct me in a path. Seriously any kind of information will help and will be life changing. Maybe have you guys experienced these same symptoms, maybe in a different fashion? Or you know a doctor? Or you know someone who's had this feeling. If so, please reply because this will end my struggle. Thanks for reading.
Hi,People can cured from virus changing diet and active lifestyle.
Hi all.  CMV or EBV.
Hello, I'm venturing into other forums for learning / figuring out what I have going on.thanks
For 11 years now, bleeding every day from ulcers in my colon, pooping my pants constantly, 3 years of antibiotics, biologics, ton of other drugs Valtrex is the only one that has helped all my conditions!!!! My bleeding is almost gone. I haven't pooped my pants in 3 weeks since I started Valtrex. I have so much energy and I'm HAPPY , really happy. It s crazy.UC since '05, now in '15 Mayo Clinic say Chrons/colitis and DX with chronic Lyme's in '10. No biologics work. Took rafaximin for SIBO, worked awesome! Taking asacol HD.
I have had CFS off and on for a number of years. I do fairly well keeping it at bay when my anxiety levels are down...I hope your wknd is going well.
Hello Everyone. I hope everyone is doing ok. I've recently been diagnosed with prostate cancer and have chronic fatigue. Can this be due to the cancer? The chronic fatigue started aboutJavame7
I'd like to start off by saying I am a minor and I am aware cfs is often not diagnosed in teenagers because fatigue is common in this stage of life.Fibromyalgia, Temporomandibular Joint Disorder, Depression and Anxiety, Post Traumatic Stress Disorder
I've had CFS for the past 20 years. Up until recently any tests I had done all came back negative. In 2015 I was diagnosed with Neurally Mediated Hypotension and just recently, in late 2015 I was diagnosed with a large hole in the heart (PFO).If anyone else has had a PFO closure I just want to ask what your recovery was like and did it make any difference to your symptoms.
I have had terrible fatigue and low energy since about
Hey everyone! I have been working on an article called - Non Cliche Things you will Learn from a Chronic Illness. I keep seeing all these articles online regarding chronic illness and they are all so upbeat and cheesy. Please read and feel free to suggest a section for me to add or just give general feedback!If your illness isn't terminal you are told you are lucky. That there are people in this world that are dying and you aren't one of them. What people don't understand is when you are laying in bed for the sixth day in a row, when you had to quit your job and you have to rely on someone else to take care of you, you will feel like dying. You will feel as if you are already dead. The world goes on without you when you are staring at the same ceiling for what feels like years. Research says that 1 in 10 suicides are done by people with a chronic illness, and somedays you will feel like being a statistic, but when you look back on the days on felt that way, you will weep. You will be outside on a sunny day and realize that you have made it and there is so much to live for.
I have seen on the news and even suggested in these forums that breast implants may be a big part of CFS. So....I want to start a survey here or some kind of proof that it is or isn't the case. Does anyone have them and this illness or know of someone who does? fibro, chronic fatigue, rls, ibs, depression, insomnia, and celiac.
I have a serious problem since more than an year now which I have no solution of. I have gone to neurosurgeon, psychiatrist, ent, etc. I feel drowsiness all day long and am not able to concentrate. Below are the symptoms I have followed by the tests I had done including blood test and mri.open, the high sleepy sensation subsides with in hour or two and feel a little comfortable.
Okay, here is the deal.please help
I am talking about being bedridden and unable to get up and fix your own food, barely able to walk or stand. That is the point I got to a couple weeks ago. I am improving VERY slowly because I am only taking the simplest foods: Broth, raw eggs, colostrum, extra-cooked veggies. That and rest has given me some improvement but I am feeling really discouraged today like I might never kick this. I hate seeing that some people took years to heal even with professional help. WHAT? I'm 26 years old, I'm young and I believe I can heal faster than that. I could really use some encouragement and pointers though. Anyone else out there go this alone successfully?
Hi, I've had Chronic Fatigue Syndrome for a long time. I'm feeling isolated and lonely and I'd like to find some people to write to or chat with on this site. I'm brand new so I don't know how everything works on this site. Can anyone help out?
Hi, is anyone interested in in the Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Forum? We could set up a time and date to make sure we connect.
This is a correction to my first post.esme
I work part time from home but can't work full time anymore. I've been working from home for 4 years and lately I feel extremely restless and understimulated. Fibromayalgia, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Periodic Limb Movement Disorder, Insomnia, Hashimoto Disease, Endometriosis, Pernicious Anemia
Diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome after seeing around 30 doctors.God bless
I recently had a cortisol blood test taken in the afternoon.  The results were 12.5.  Is this within the normal range for an afternoon reading?
Hello to all,Abby
Hi,thx!
I have been suffering with cfs and uc, had my appendix removed Friday. Now, 5 days later feeling better than I have in 11 years. Seriously, I'm not tired, no pain in my joints or abdomen. I am able to do things, without pain and exhaustion. My labs are always normal, I had abdominal pain that was slightly more than usual (what's new, I got UC) went to see my primary, she ordered a cat scan. Said, I need to have an appendectomy, did. Now, I cannot believe how well I feel. I have not felt this good in at least 11 years. Not sure if anyone has experienced this besides me, but I had to share this with you! hope a miracle happens for you too!
The gut microbiome may be a major factor for Chronic Fatigue Syndrome:  
Hi everyoneThanks for reading.
Hello
We're students looking to help individuals suffering from CFS in a way that is currently unavailable to them. Could you please be so kind as to help us better understand what is missing by filling out this quick 30 second survey
I hope you don't mind an additional question...I have normal tests: ana is OK , normal c3 and c4 ok, but the Ch50 which is high (over 60) sed rate 20 and crp 5.6, I have the butterfly rash, extreme photosensitivity, break out in hives, tingling fingertips that sometimes swell, debilitating fatique (and I mean DEBILITATING, sleeping 15 to 20 hours a day for weeks in a row, and then I am OK again) and swollen glands under my jaw for the last 2 years. Does anyone know what this could be since it doesn't appear to be lupus? Very concerned and confused... Thanks, any insight would be appreciated. Dr says its just fibro, which I know I have, but I cant make sense of these ongoing swollen glands. They suspect sjorgrens but the tests have come back Ok for sjorgrens too...The exhaustion is the worse thing, and the only thing that has managed to keep my energy level up is a low dose of phentramine for weight loss. Off the phentramine, I am too weak to teach, and consider myself disabled at this point. I was diagnosed by a specialist 30 years with CFS, due to recurring mono, but my GP said that CFS is just a factor of fibro and not a separated disease....So confused!!
I have been married for 11 years and have been sick for most of it with chronic fatigue. I have found that sticking to a certain routine/schedule really helps. If I'm able to stick to it consistently it has a snowball effect -  I'm able to sleep better, have much less pain, and just all around function continually better. If I am not able to stick to it, a snowball effect happens of less sleep so more pain, more pain so less sleep, etc. Thanks!
Hi All!Chris
Prietty sure I have symptom of chronic fatigue...    Never realized I had a problem till I got older but I remember having it as a kid as well......I am not over weight I eat well..  I work out since I'm 16 mostly dragging at the gym but I do push myself....
My dr suspects that I could have CFS... I have suffered from low sodium before, but that is now back up to par.Anyway, if you can relate at all, it would really make me feel good to hear from you. THANK YOU... my best wishes to all of you for a good week.
(I am an 18 year old girl for reference)So for the past 3 or 4 years I was slowly developing signs of CFS, like (the obvious) excessive fatigue, weak and painful muscles and joints, brain fog etc. But when I got into looking at what it could possible be (since doctors weren't exactly doing much) I found that there are factors that sound like MS. Things like random pins and needles (that can stay for anywhere from minutes to a couple days), and this internal shaking that I can only describe as it feels like all my insides are vibrating and my hands shake almost constantly, but I appear completely fine. I've had a neurological exam that came back fine. My question is: Is it more likely that I have CFS, or could it be the development of MS?
I am having trouble understanding my results for HHV 6. My test was done at LabCorp and my IgG  test results were 10.20Thank you for any help.
Hi Everyone! I was hoping someone might be able to help me out. Anyone have any thoughts? Tried Valtrex? Seen Dr. Chia? I'm SO DESPERATE FOR HELP!!! :)
I have had CF and Fibromyalgia for over 8 years and hope a couple of things that helped me will help others. I am not going into symptoms and all I've been through. Just want to give people a couple options to talk over with your doctor. keeping intensity low. I thought I felt better and I could conquer the world. So even when you're feeling better keep your heart rate low and build up duration and fitness. Hope this helps someone.
I was diagnosed with stage 3 adrenal fatigue in march 2015. I was basically in bed resting daily unable to sleep most nights up until may 2016 when I took an Office JOB. I am still tired all the time and have bad brain fog and fatigue. My doc tried to have me take an adrenal cortex extract from the company throne  and it was too much of a stimulate for me and made me sick. I have tried diet changes, mediation, trying to control stress and relax as much as possible. Its been going on almost two years sine I have felt like this and still am not feeling like myself with the fatigue and brain fog. I am wondering if anyone else here is going thru Adrenal Fatigue and Could suggest anything else I might be able to do to improve
I'm not sure what I might have but constant insomnia, crashes of energy, and so on have led me to at least chronic fatigue syndrome.  Getting answers from doctors is near impossible and I often end up suggesting diagnosis to them that turn out correct so I haven't bothered to figure it out in detail yet.  A psychiatrist treats me for insomnia.It's 5 am and I'm going to try to go back to sleep.
How you go aboutopen up to the doctor?
My son has been sick and had a CBC his EBV Ab VCA IgG is 123.0 and says [HIGH]Should I be worried? Is that Epstein Barr/CFS? Thanks.
I had my fundo re-done 3x. after the third time, I had to have my esophagus dilated twicem ny Barrett's was much worse, I developed colitis and now have relapsed on the chronic fatigue syndrome and high EBV titers, along with worsening of facial palsy.
Diagnosed with CFS in April 2016. Gone from being very fit 35 year old who cycles loads, few marathons etc to now struggling to work longer than 3 hours a day. The fatigue is indescribable as you all know.Any advice? Havent got a clue what to do and ive lost my job so funds are now very limited :)
I'm new to this forum but have been dealing with this for 4 years.  Ever since I got lyme disease.  I had a real good summer but towards the end I could feel minor symptoms coming on.  Then my kids gave me the flu.  After a month recovering from that, things have quickly gone downhill.So depressed right now.  Glad I found this forum.
Hi. I have been having some stomach issues. I am trying to figure out what it is. My gastro doctor gave me a blood test and she said the Markers were high for Crohns. She said it was 70 percent accurate and 30 percent not accurate.  I would love help to see if i have it or not.
Diagnosed with cfs start of the year but towards end of year I have progressed worse. Severe fatigue, very low body temperature, tinnitus, chest palpitations etcAnyway I did test plasma mineral profile and my zinc and copper are low. I have been taking a mineral for couple months before the test which clearly isn't helping. I read supplemenenting with zinc makes copper go low. Any idea how I can get these levels up?
Hi.You're welcome to compare notes.
These are my test results:Doctor left a message and said that I have EPV, but I'm getting better.  Not so sure what this means?..Can anyone decipher my test results above?
Could this be the answer maybe.Maybe worth a lookhttp://www.11alive.com/news/childhood-kissing-disease-linked-to-adult-chronic-illnesses/369200723
Hi, Everyone - Zebra
I'm going to be getting these supplements, and I'm wondering what brands are best and where you get them. Michelle
I explain mostly everything I'm going through I'm this video. Too much to type. Please help oh are this video for other sufferers who can relate. Anyone. This is my story. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=AeUaaZ6o7_Q
Does an elevated EBV AB to Nuclear AG, IGG mean anything?  I know that the majority of people have had EBV at some point, but my 545 seems so high compared to the lab ranges (21.9 or above is positive).  I am negative for other EBV labs.  Thank you.
my 30% recovery due to high dose vitamin d3.if it help you then reply
Hi all,  explaining this to people because they just say &quot;everyone gets tired but you push through it, that's life&quot;. No it's not that simple, it's a debilitating fatigue. A fatigue so great I try my hardest to get out of bed but am so tired that I fall back asleep. I'm scared to drive because I've fallen asleep before at the wheel and don't want it to happen again. I can't even hold a conversation with people because all it does is go in one ear and out the other, I cant focus and Brain fog is the worst. And I'm the type of person who was always super driven, athletic, energetic, and just loved life. I am so sick of this fatigue ruining my life. I am new to this area and can't even meet friends now because I have no job and am too tired to go out and meet people. So naturally this has led me down a path of depression and I just can't seem to get out of this hole. Does anyone have any advice on supplements or anything they've tried that WORKS?? I'm so desperate I will try anything. Please help.
I'm totally confused on my lab work and even though my Dr tried to explain it, there was so many things going on, I just had a really hard time understanding it. I was told I have CFS and Hashimotos along with a few other things going on. Thank you 
I was Dx with CFS, Chronic Lyme and Mixed Sleep apnea last summer. Anyone here get treated for Sleep apnea as well and get partially better ?????
Hi there! I'm new to this board as I'm usually on the Lyme board. But I had my EBV retested and was wondering if I could have help interpreting the results. My old results from 2009 must have been tested with different parameters-- here are those results:
Hello!! This is my first time on a forum for this and I have 2 topics in question as titled. I guess I'll start with a bit of an introduction? I'm almost 18, and my struggle with CFS/ME started in the beginning of my junior year of high school (so i was about- Lauren
2 years ago.  I had a ruptured appendix and I still have numerous ongoing issues that no doctor can find out why. My problem is. Every few weeks sometime 2 but can be upto 12. I get this really run down feeling,fatigued like I cant explain. I battle through work,god knows how,my face starts looking like a dying mans. Eyes sink with bad bags,face goes pale,gaunt cheeks although Im eating normal. I can handle being ill but not looking it,mainly cos I dont want people knowing or asking whats up with you. When going through this I could gladly go to a euthansia clinic (sounds daft I know) then things get easier and I start to get back to myself. It maybe getting me a bit down I know. But the unknowing when it will hit and what i can do to prevent this. Im 38 year old male with 2 young children. Any ideas if this is chronic fatigue??? Any advice would be welcomed cos Im fed up of going back to doctors. Thank you
Hi everyone --
Hi everyone --Bruce
I went to the doctor a week ago after having extreme fatigue and headaches for about
Hi everyone,Thanks so much for your help!
Hi All,X
Q1)THE question- As of now, is there a concrete definition of CFS yet? 
Was doing heavy Iv for 2.5 weeks. Wasn't feeling great but did some work outside. Been off for 2 weeks now yet fatigue is awful. Did I irritate Lyme more. Blood tests look good
A little bit aboutAngelica
Hi All,
I am 25 and have CFS and recently it's got worse and I've now been signed off work temporarily.Please help  😊😊😊
The Lyme forum here is one of the best, a great source of info, and highly used. CFS, on the other hand, seems minimally represented, sorry, just my observation. Life is short, I need to learn some info, so I'd like to find a forum that is more widely used if there is one.......know any?thanks in advance
I tried exercise but still I cant sleep and it makes me more tired at the end of the day. I sleep for a very short time, sometimes longer but feels super short. Has anyone tried microcirculation therapy? Does it help? Do you have any remedy that helps you a lot if you happen to have this type of fatigue(mainly bcoz of insomnia)?
I am currently struggling with Lymes and EBV reactivation. I am alert
I have been taking this for fatigue,depression and neuropathy. It honestly gets me moving in a.m.,somewhat upbeat & I am grateful just to function. Now my Dr. wants to stop it for fear of addiction. That means back to bed for me,scarey. Any words for my doctor?
Hi I'm new here.   I have rheumatoid arthritis & very exhausted.  What are the symptoms of chronic fatigue?  I go to bed exhausted n wake up same way.  Can't stay awake a whole day & mega head fog 
Does anyone know of a good practitioner to see in the Sioux Falls area? We have Avera insurance, so if they're approved by our insurance it would be best, but I feel like I'm grasping at straws here. I'm 61, and have had &quot;chronic fatigue&quot; for almost 30 yrs which just gets worse over time. I also have chronic depression, &quot;fibromyalgia&quot; or ME. I've mostly been on my own all these years. We've moved often and I really need some consistent care. I presently go to Avera Functional Medicine, but besides monitoring my thyroid med (which I've been on for 20 yrs with no relief from the fatigue) my CNP doesn't help much. I also have a psyc Dr who monitors my Cymbalta, but I adjust the doses myself and let her know what I need. I feel this is much more than &quot;just the depression&quot;. Help, anyone?PS: I also went to a Dr who does acupuncture under Avera, but the treatments aren't covered by insurance. She says 25% of patients don't respond anyway. That's a rather expensive experiment for someone who can't work much @ almost $60/treatment. I do want to try it at some point...She also wants me to go vegan. I already have eliminated most grains (except rice and oats) plus dairy and soy. I still turn to chocolate for some relief from the fatigue, tho. I can't handle much caffeine at all, or any other stimulants. I have multiple sensitivities and have had many drug failures. Many meds and &quot;natural&quot; supplements, even Vit B12, make my pulse and blood pressure go up, making me feel anxious.
I was diagnosed with depression when I was 18.  I'm 49 now.  However, all my life i've had episodes of fatigue but I'm not sure if it's real fatigue.  I feel weak but I am still able to do things.  It's like I have this feeling it's in my blood and everywhere my blood goes I feel weak.  Lately, its been worse than it ever has.  I have begun having suicidal thoughts and have gone to the psych hospital a couple weeks ago.  They increased my anti depressants and I felt good for a while but then I felt worse than ever.  Normally, I can push through things but lately it's been very difficult.  Even laying down feels bad.  My boyfriend passed away in January so I have had a hard time this year.  A week after he passed I had back surgery. Financially, things are difficult right now.  I have a leak under the house that has made my hot water go out. So, I do have stuff going on.  My doctors tell me I have depression but sometimes I think it's physical before it becomes mental.  I feel the fatigue and it's overwhelming so I want to give up.  I have found out though that if I cry I tend to feel better afterwards.. so maybe it is depression???
The symptoms started over night. I came back from the Ukraine on a Friday night and Saturday I had these symptoms. Fatigue, my head feels like Im in a fog. I have a problem thinking of words sometimes. I have tingling in my fingers sometimes. I feel unsure in stepping or walking, not that I fall down or walk a crooked line, just if I'm lightheaded.  I've had blood tests, MRI, CTs, EEGs(wires to my head), I've seen by a Nurologist, and everything came back clean. No shortness of breath.....Any help would be appreciated.....
I cannot seem to get anyone to listen to me, or at least acknowledge that I am not feeling well. I know I probably don't have CFS, I know very little about&quot;What matters most is how well you walk through the fire.&quot;  -Charles Bukowski
Hello there everyone.Thank u all.
Hi everyone,I'm so ignorant when it comes to the hormone system.
Has anyone here gone this route ? I requested the testing and found elevated Mercury and Lead. I hear there is not much else you can chelate.  Also had gadolinium, aluminum, cadmium etc.
I was diagnosed with pots 1 year ago, but what the concerning is that i cannot handle any type of adrenaline. For example, i work in the public sector, anytime i get in a dispute with a clients my adrenaline will pump but once the adrenaline starts my body vibrates internally, heart races, and feel shaky, overall it feels like death. Anyone get like this, i also notice that i urinate excessively. Is this adrenal issues.
Hi There,
If this can help ANYONE who like me, was desperately looking everywhere for a solution to this awful disease and quickly losing hope, I'd feel like my job has been done. 
hi the turtle here, having issues with my gp.....been reading up on positive results from peeps in my neck of the woods with utilising a nd. in particular auto-immune and mood disorders. they are not covered here down under, thus i thought i'd utilise the forum and seek input. just a little expensive, but might be the go for a few things. any feedback much appreciated. i do not know my status, been chronically fatigued for years, fibro was ruled out. i have bi-polar, diabetes, arthritis, some disc buges and scaphoid issues, diabetic retinapathy, kidneys not the best, post chd, sleep aponea-cpap ineffective. i understand hypoxia, not this causing the depressive fatigue element of the bi-polar. doc rants nothing wrong....all diabetes in his book.  sadly when ya overweight a little and a diabetic you cop the label.
Hi everybody, I could really use your help. I have been teasing my boyfriend 
This is what my tests showed, I am diagnosed with Fibro, Chronic Fatigue Thank you for any help in understand this.
I have a few questions.Are there any blood test for diagnosing vitamin B(B1/B2/B3/B6/B12) deficiency?Same question for other vitamins like A,C,D,E.Can even people with deficiency use/absorb those extra amount of vitamins from those tablets?
 Interesting.
Hi:Mel
muscle jerks ,internal vibration,? no MS,No Parkinsons,...everything ruled out....any ideas on how to stop it? 
I am working so hard every day to deal with the diagnoses of Chronic Fatigue and Central Sensitization Syndrome. My mind and body are alien to me now. I was diagnosed at Mayo and then sent home to referring physician who then left. The only neurologist I found after that also left and I have no doctor or support system. I find it unbelievable that in the entire Twin Cities area I can find a doctor or support group. I don't know if what I'm doing is helping or hurting me. I don't know when to push through and often cripple myself for days by doing too much. I don't know what kind of &quot;program&quot; to follow. I don't know if the medications I'm on are helping or hurting my situation. I wish I had anyone who understood what I'm living now.I'm tired now. Thanks for listening.
I have had brain fog now for ten years and it does make life hardwork and at times unbearable its worse for me in social situations where you cant carry on the conversation, bullies also seem to pick up on it as they see your defences are low. I have spent so much money trying to solve this,im talking thousands of pounds, im not wealthy by any means im 27 and still live with my parents because it holds you back so much, anyway im not here to rant i was here to try and put forward some of the things i have tried that have helped me over the last ten years, most things havnt worked,, but within the last 12 months i have seen improvements, where as before was unbearable now i can sort of function at work and i am much better socially, I saw a functional doctor, ive had so many tests for this that and the other over the years but one that shed some light on my 'invisible' illness was a viral screen for epsteinn barr, im not saying everyone with debiliatating fog has this but i would highly reccomend at least giving it some thought, an anti viral programme of 4 L-lysine,4,olive leaf extract, 3 humic acid a day along with a low carb and low lectin diet has helped me clear up some not all of the symptoms, its still frustrating as hell and a slow process but this info may help speed up your journey a little at least, joseph cohen has some good youtube posts on epsteinn barr, i hope this helps a few people out just so you know the antiviral protocol didnt seem to work for the first few months but then i saw benefits, one supplement which massively helped me was Mito q coq10,cheers, hope we can all beat this shocker of an illness and hopefully soon it is recognised by not only fuctional doctors.
hello everyone im new here, nice to meet the group. i feel right at home.
Hi,Does anyone have an ideal what this could be related to?
Hey everyone, I am new to this forum. I am here in hopes that someone knows about
Hi this may be my first post here, (I think I was here years ago with a different moniker),  and I am so happy to post.. I wonder if any here have tried the Tietlebaum (sp) protocol as described in &quot;From Fatigued to Fantastic&quot;?  I think it is a valuable adjuvant to any anti- viral treatment. It's too bad he has not updated the book, it's full of good information.
Hello! is there anybody who have done detoxification with binders , such as chlorella and activated charcoal, with coffee enemas , and made bigger damage? I cant recover after I ve tried this, I got 10 times worse and has already passed 2 and half months.thank you in advance
I saw the Dr Oz show today, Does anyone knows what did Jennifer Brea whoI heard she mention is an antiviral, thanks for any information.
I am trying really hard to find a way to work from home. I need income desperately. I'm in a catch 22 as I need money to get the treatments/food etc to get well, but I need a job to get the income. I'm living with a friend and don't have a car at the moment. I get exhausted after being out of the house for more than an hour or so, so an outside job would be tough. I'd have to find a SUPER tolerant employer. Plus I don't want to stay in the city I'm staying in for too long.Any ideas or successes with online work?
Hi Everyone, 
I was diagnosed with the flu over two weeks ago.  I still have cough, running a low grade fever off and on.  A week ago I woke up with pain under my jaw, a huge swollen lymph node.  I went in to my doctor and was told it was either an infected salivary gland or a swollen lymph node.  They drew blood work and on Monday a nurse called to tell me it was all okay.  I explained to her that the swollen node I had on the previous Friday was gone, and now the other side of my neck under the jaw was swollen and tender and larger than the other side had been.  She said oh, she did not know what to tell me.  So the lab they use has a patient portal and it notified me today that I could see the lab work performed last week.I thought all these results indicated Mono.  Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank You
I had my prostate removed in May 2017. I started to feel fatigue around the second month. This is now seven 7 months later and I find it hard to concentrate or motivate myself to do things I generally enjoyed without getting at least 11 hours of sleep each day. On my off days from work, I can usually sleep 16+ hours straight. I hate having to sleep this much. After my sleep, I wake up and feel generally lethargic at best. They say exercise will help but I physically can not workout because of my fatigue. My doctor says it will eventually go away but 7 months now and it is just the same if not worse. Any suggestions on medications or maybe a suggestion on how you got better. Brian
Hi! I got a call from the nurse at my allergist's office. She said I tested postive for the Epstein Barr virus.  Her recommendation was to take Lysine and Monolaurin and we would retest in a few months. (It is a naturopathic medical office.)Any insights would be appreciated!
I would like to know the same thing as teragram:  does iodine kill probiotics and or acidolphilis good flora in the intestines.  I just joined this site and don't know how to find replies to her question (signed Margaret). I'm taking the iodine internally of course.                                                   Jonn
I just learned by going to a Neurologist my chronic Fatigue is likely Multiple Sleep Latency.  This diagnosis is secondary continued fatigue after being treated for sleep apnea.  I have reliably used Cpap for over a year and was wondering why I was still needing Ritalin ( used for ADD ) .  My inept sleep medicine MD didnt pick up on it nor notice my fatigure scores i filled out on every visit still were showing minimal improvement.  My Sleep apnea got better but not the fatigue.  My next move will be to get another sleep study that continues into the next day to document MSL.
Hi everyone, I have had an ultrasound, gastric emptying scan, and I am having a endoscopy/colonoscopy in a few weeks.
I have had a &quot;fever of unknown origin&quot; for 2.5 months now.  The last time I was at work was before Christmas (I am on leave right now).I guess I'm just here looking for support.  Is this really what could be causing my problems?  I'm afraid that despite this extremely expensive and thorough workup that we've missed something else dangerous.  Meanwhile, my life has ground to a halt... I was supposed to move in July to start a new job, and I'm afraid I won't be able to if things continue like this.
I was diagnosed with EBV and CMV + Lyme (5 separate infections, all with bulls-eye) + HHV-6 in 1993. Then leaky gut, disautonomia, Hashimotos, low-lying cerebellar tonsils, fibrocystic breasts, thyroid nodules. Although I have had well periods, none of them have ever gone away. Right now I feel like I already died. I have no strength or energy, and now am also dizzy and ache all over. This has been a long and exhausting 25 year journey, and at this point I am so brain dead that I can't remember anything, so it is very hard to keep on track. I have downloaded a myriad of information, some conflicting. Hard to know what is genuine...Needless to say, I don't have any support in this. I need help in figuring out what to take, what not to take; what to do, what not to do. Thanks guys.
Hi...I’m happy to have joined your forum.  Last year, my 18 year old grandaughter  was diagnosed with mononucleosis, along with walking pneumonia  She couldn’t lift her up from her pillow for 2 weeks.  Soon afterwards, her knee became swollen & extremely painful.  Her MRI showed synuvitis on her knee, but they weren’t able to extract much fluid.  Her knee has remained swollen & painful to this day!  She now has HUGE enlarged glands which hurt her, along with laryngitis & a very sore throat.  She went to the dr 3 weeks ago & has been on 2 different antibiotics over the last 3 weeks.  She just went back to the dr, who drew her blood & was told she has mono!  Now,  I know you cannot get mono twice… However she was also told she probably had the Epstein Barr virus. The doctor then placed her on another type of antibiotic and told her if her glands did not go down within a week, she should come back in and have them drained.   I am frantically concerned about the course of events. Has anyone else out there had similar experiences? If so how did you finally find solutions and or a course of action to help you. Thanks for any information you can share
I have been diagnosed with fibro but feel have cfs too.
I'll try and make this short. aboutThanks guys!
I have been chronically ill for six years. The main symptom has been overwhelming fatigue. In 2015 I found an alternative doctor on the Internet who specializes in chronic fatigue syndrome.  I had done some reading on the illness, and thought I may have it.  Well, he confirmed it.  Through a questionnaire. What makes chronic fatigue so hard to diagnose is that there is presently no blood test, saliva test, or ANY test for it.  All you can do is take a questionnaire, filled with symptoms, and if you score high enough, the doctor will affirm you have CFS. Unfortunately, I was dismissed by this doctor after three months of over the phone treatment.  He gave various reasons for the dismissal, including its complexity, and an inability to &quot;get along&quot; with him and his staff.  His staff were very unprofessional, made many mistakes, and I called them on it, and I don't think they or the doctor liked it, so they just coldly got rid of me, without even discussing the matter with me first, to try and resolve it. Although you can never 100% confirm you have CFS, due to the lack of testing confirmation, I would say based on all I have read about
Hi all. I’m new here. I’m a 51 yr old woman. I was just recently DXed with chronic EBV. I remember the initial occurrence. It was in September, 2011. I’ve hurt (achiness, warm, chills ever since). At that time I had severe, emotional, mental and physical stress. I had a sore throat, lymph nodes swollen and mild achiness. The pain just got worse over the next month and hung on until this day. I don’t have the strength to do all this driving and purchase the supplements. I don’t want to try anymore. Does anyone here have chronic EBV? Are you sore all the time? Tender muscles and tendons? Nothing on my doesn’t hurt daily. Help...
Hi, being anxious and loosing my cognitive ability like thinking clearly, short term memory, word retrieval, no concentration making conversation, dizziness, organizing my thoughts, and making decisions. I'm 61 and the older I get I think the harder it is to bounce back. I know these are signs of depression and generalized anxiety, but feel there is more to this with all the viral load I have, and history of Lyme and infections. I feel like I am going crazy and main stream medicine can't help anymore. I am not working which makes it worse but grateful I am supported by my husband and can stay home but difficult because I don't feel productive. Anybody in the same boat and how do you cope?
Hey everyone. Im in a state of exhaustion. It started out weaning off a stimulating medication. Then I made everything worse by exhausting myself more by working out or running. Everytime I start to feel a little better I make the same mistake and do some form of activity that lays me up. Anyways I'm taking these herbs for a chronic infection. As you you know, we af'ers try to stay away from anything stimulating g or plays with or hormones. Could someone do some research on the herbs I'm taking to see if maybe they are stimulating, produce dopamine or epinephrine or just generally prolong healing. I'm not good at these things . I'm taking Japanese knotweed, sida acuta, Hawthorne, red root, houttuynia, isatis, and alchornea cordifolia.
HI all,Jox
I am trying really hard to find a way to work from home. I need income desperately. I'm in a catch 22 as I need money to get the treatments/food etc to get well, but I need a job to get the income. I'm living with a friend and don't have a car at the moment. I get exhausted after being out of the house for more than an hour or so, so an outside job would be tough. I'd have to find a SUPER tolerant employer. Plus I don't want to stay in the city I'm staying in for too long.Any ideas or successes with online work?
Anyone here taking Trazodone?  I've been taking it for over 15 years for sleep, 300 mg every night.So, if anyone is taking Trazodone for sleep -- any signs of vertigo?  Willing to discuss this situation with me?  Frustrated here!
Hi all,I tried to make it as simple as possible, if more info is needed let me know.
Hi everyone,I was never diagnosed wih cfs per se, but I have dealt with dibilitaring fatigue due to depression and hormonal imbalance. I recently purchased a vitamin which has helped me so much, but I was skeptical when the label said clinically proven to help with stress and fatigue. In any case, it’s called naturewise multivitamin with stress support, and there is a men’s and women’s formula. Just wanted to share because I understand the pain of living with fatigue.
I have had CFS for 13 years, have tried diets, pills, everything I came across, no results.Thanks so much!

I was just curious if anyone diagnosed with CFS can relate to this.&nbsp; A lot of my symptoms are consistent with CFS, but the doctors are not sure because- I can actually feel a sickness in my body, it feels like dirt is flowing through my bloodstream- that is the only way I can describe it.&nbsp; It is not constant, usually after being pretty active.&nbsp; I have been sick 11 months, I have had some of the normal symptoms of CFS&nbsp;like extreme dizziness,weakness, sore throats, headaches, muscle aches, panic attacks, anxiety, nuerological symptoms.&nbsp; The problem is the fatigue hasn't been the main problem, it is more like I can feel something sick inside me.&nbsp; I have progressed with this illness, but I feel my doctors are missing something- I have lost a lot of weight, and alot of symptoms went away- I am pretty much left with, the awful sick feeling, weight loss, anxiety, my chest muscle cracks and pops, some fatigue, backaches, and a lot of irritability. I am just curious to see if anyone can relate to the sick feeling I am describing, oh yeah and working out makes me feel worse. &nbsp; Thanks!!
Have you had your blood tested by IgeneX or been to an LLMD?  I know it sounds ridiculous, but you could have hundreds of negative lyme tests and it wouldn't mean anything.  The CDC even says lyme should be a clinical diagnosis because the tests are so unreliable.  If you've had it for awhile, it's also not uncommon to become seronegative, meaning the lyme will not show up on any blood test, no matter how accurate the test.  The thing about lyme.  So even if you get negative responses, if YOU think you haev the symptoms, you should pursue it.
Orion, how long have you been sick?&nbsp; Could the sick feeling you talk about be described as the most disgusting feeling in the world?&nbsp; That is how I describe it.&nbsp; Have you been diagnosed with CFS?&nbsp; That really means they just don't know. However, if it is CFS, the doctor I have been seeing, who has diagnosed CFS in many people says it always gets better- completely. I am just not sure if I have that- I really&nbsp;don't sleep all that much more then I used to- the fatigue isn't the main symptom- right now it is really just that awful sick feeling- makes me feel like I am going to lose it!!&nbsp; I know what you mean- just having an answer would make it so much better.&nbsp; Keep&nbsp; me posted, as I will with you.
I need two questions answered that are very important to me and I was hoping someone would help me out. I would really appreciate it.
Hey Fiesty,
I think these questions can be answered somewhat anonymously (she isn't asking for names, etc.), although if she is posting the same questions throughout the forums, she should email admin@healingwell.com to obtain permission.
to answer the question...... Yes, I did at one time have a Dr(?)&nbsp;tell me I was just "fat" and "lazy" he didn't feel I had an illness. I started crying, got down off the table, pushed him out of my way and left the office. I never returned. :( some DRS are "jerks" and I have met several of them. 

 to HealingWell!
Dear Brynn,     I just lost a long reply I tried to post to your reply. I will have to try and post again to you. Anyway, I hope you get this, and thankyou so very much for being here. Wholebon
Hi WholeBon,
Dear Brynn,it means the world to me that you are keeping in touch with me. I have never ever networked on-line about health stuff(I had a friend for 10 years on a phone list for IC but she got well, I did not she is no longer interested in maintainint contact--very very painful.)so every time I post here I feel so vulnerable on a lot of levels as you can see from above ex. Yes, I am looking into respite care, and thank you so very much for all the great and healing energy you are sending my way. Doctor and compounding pharmicist don't know what to make of my weird reactions to hormone( feels like Ic  and candida yeast) driving me nuts, but I am trying to hang in there.Saw great PBS special about ABe and Mary Lincoln, both had bi-polar especially Mary and finding strength in how especially ABe coped with his horrific personal problems and still did what he did. It was so moving, and I try when I am so ill to take inspiration from anything etc. It feels wonderful to know you and I honor all your talents and stengths, and compassionate self. I love that you use your creativity to transcend physical.Yes, I think we all go into a limbic brain mode and start producing alpha waves ?? when in the zone and we don't feel the pain or whatever and it is so healing to mind and body and soul to have creative outlets.Thankyou  for being here dear one.  Wholebon
Hi Brynn, hope you are feeling a little better at a time from your chronic pain intervention. I am not doing well and when I am like this I just like to isolate. So happy to see your response I felt like just connecting, so much healthier to reach out for connection than to isolate. It is very cold here.I live in Northern N.J. I am having a terrible problem with trying to tolerate medication etc. or even supplements. It seems I think I have figured this out on my own thru reading that reason I can not tolerate natural progesterone is that  my changing female hormones are making a very alkaline environment. And this is where yeast thrive! So just taking even a little of nat. progest. causes a huge infection.So going to try home remedies to try to make it more acidic. But the rest of my body systemically is too acid so Ihave to change that to more alkaline. But I cannot tolerate the foods or herbs to do this, so I am in despair. But I have to keep trying because my body is dying I can feel this on a very profound level.A lot of it is from stress that is why I am so acidic in the wrong places and too alkaline in the wrong places. Enough to drive me crazy!!I wish I could take a vaction from my body!!I am so drained from all this and it just keeps coming. Thankyou for listening to my frantic cry of frustration. Sorry Brynn, I know you are dealing with so much already. On a positve note, I started doing a little Tai Chi again.
Dear Brynn, off the top of my head, I was thinking of possible things to help with side-effects.1. Talking to your doctor/anesthesiologist to see if any other drug options that might have less chance of after effects(I know this is a huge issue for those of us with chemical senstivity).2. Drinking plenty of water afterwards to flush system.3. Using liver flush for home detox. 4.Build self/immune system up with vits/green foods/juicing etc.; anything else that would strengthen your system(Vit.c, other vits and herbs let me know I will reaearch for you)5. Self-hypnosis to perhaps learn to not get overly stressed by your reactions;(you know you get a reaction physically and then mayexacerbate this with obsessing etc. about it which makes it even more stressful and perphaps  lengthens time to fully recuperate; I once learned how to do self-hypnosis and it was really neat.)Or affirmations that even though have temporary onset of reactive symptoms, know that this is very temporary and not dangerous and that you are getting better and better even if in moment may not feel like it.And/or affirm body and thank it for responding to pain reduction and tell it you will never abandon it and only want to help it get stronger and healthier.     Again, I love connecting with you, Take care.  Wholebon
sorry I havent been online much but the computer hurts my eyes and makes my head hurt much worse than usual.&nbsp; I go to the dr tomorrow and I am scared and worried.&nbsp;&nbsp; They are going to do another MRI/MRA and discuss treatment of my brain tumor.&nbsp; Accordint to what they think now it is an Ependymoma tumor.&nbsp; But we will know more after the new test are done and we get the results.&nbsp; The drs are worried about the intercrainal pressure in my brain which keeps increasing so I guess I have to go for another Spinal Tap and they will discuss the option of the shunt with me on a more lengthly basis.
 
hi, i am gemma, a student studying drama at college in hampshire. I am so glad i found this site as i dont seem to be able to talk to anyone about my condition. My mum tries ehr best but no one seems to understand exactly how i feel. i constantly falling asleep in class, not sleeping during the night, on anti depressants and i am always very emotional. My teachers know of my condition but dont seem to offer my any support. thank you. gem xxxxxxx
Is chronic fatigue Synd. and Fibro two different illness'? Sorry if that a sorta dumb question, but no one has ever told me. They sound so much alike? Do you have the joint/muscle pain?
Yes they are, they do have Similiar Symptoms, but FMS has more of them, plus it's a Pain Amplification type of Condition.  It makes everything Hurt more than it would for a Normal,  it does have it's own kind of Fatigue.   I also have the Chronic Myofasical Pain Disorder, and the 2 make it really tough to deal with Pain.
I just wanted to let you all know whats going on.&nbsp; I am in the mist of a major flare.&nbsp; I had an appointment with my Dr and Parmacist that works with the practice I go to.&nbsp; We had a meeting with my Neurologist and they decided to change my pain meds from the Fentanyl Patch to M S Contin extended release every 12 hours and Morphine for breakthrough pain.&nbsp; They have also changed a few of my other meds due to my health.&nbsp; I hope that this change will help.&nbsp; I am so tired of feeling so sick.&nbsp; Its hard on me but on my family too.&nbsp; I hate the fact I cant do things with my children and the most of the day I am in pain.&nbsp; I feel like I am twice my age.&nbsp; Its not fair that we have to suffer like this.&nbsp; I just keep telling myself that it will get better.&nbsp; I put my Faith and Trust in God.&nbsp; For He is the only one who can Heal me.&nbsp; I just get discouraged sometimes.&nbsp; (Especially, when I am in so much pain I can barely move).
Thanks for the update, Diane. I'm continuing to think positive for you, and look forward to the time when you can participate as fully as you wish. I hope the new changes in meds will end the flare, and get you back on track. Meanwhile, take good care.
Diane i feel for you i really do. Ill keep praying for you, god bless
I was recently put on amitriptyline by my rheum doc for sleeping. i was wondering if anyone knows much about it and weather is good or bad. Im right now bounceing between fibromyalgia and lupus still haveing tests done and i also have multiple sclerosis. just wondering if anyone has some comments about this med. thanks in advance.
thanks brynn for your information, well im kinda in a trial and error for my dieases it really sucks just wanted to make sure of what im takeing cause like u said docs leave things out.
After about 6 months of batteling chronic fatigue and having doctor after doctor tell my husband that there&nbsp;was nothing they could do for him, we were referred to a nurse practitioner who specializes in chronic fatigue.&nbsp; She gave him the most through exam that he had&nbsp;had in a while and told him "We can fix you."&nbsp; (I think that&nbsp;having a&nbsp;positive attitude&nbsp;is half the battle)&nbsp;Hearing that really lifted his spirits.&nbsp; She put him on&nbsp; about 9 different herbs and vitamins and&nbsp;said that she would gradually wean him down after a while and also restricted his diet (even more than it had been - I didn't think that this was possible) for the first 3 months. She also told him that he needed to get more exercise (he is not overweight - Before his crohn's hit in June&nbsp;'03 he was 160, now after surgery, he is 130)&nbsp;
Gee, that's GREAT news PKlem!

I've had CFS since 1986 and coping is the real issue. The first round lasted about 6 years and then I have had recurring off nad on- usually when I get really  sick with something like the flu.  I have had a number of heartattacks in the last year and the CFS has come roaring back. I find it helps to find others with the disease. I have learned to deal with this by accepting what I can't do and trying to stay focused on the things I can do. And, yep there are days I can't do anything and days I just jhave to push myself a little bit although with heart disease now pushing is not often the option. I imagine being bipolar adds to the problems for you as welll. You'll be in my prayers and wopuld be glad to chat about this if you have mroe questions or responses.
Hey!I developed CFS in 1999. After about 2 years of feeling like nothing was ever going to get better, I did slowly start feeling better. I'd say I'm still not TOTALLY better but I am getting there - just know that it isn't nessecerally forever! Hope that helps! :)
hi, wow, what I'm learning as I go through these posts. I surely am not alone in m y feeling of &quot;life slipping through my fingers&quot; with this ambiguious &quot;disease&quot; that isn't defined enough or identifable enough to make me sure I have it. I've lived a very independent and reasonable successful life and this is a wow. I never ever though I'd not work. I still  do some, but it's minor and very diffic ult. I just don't want to giv e up. Also, I am trying now to write which I never had time before. I'm far from afflulent so money is an issue too.Peace. Janice33, but I often feel more like Janice l33

lifesaver247,
Hello Sognotore1228 & everyone.
Hi everyone,
Carrie, I experience chronic low grade fevers, but at this time it's hard to tell if it's lupus related or cfs related.  I do agree that the fevers can wipe you out and make you feel much worse than when your temp is normal.  I know when I have a fever, I feel worse than usual.  I hope your doc can help you sort this out.  Does tylenol or ibuprofen bring your fever down at all?  I have fond that when I have my fevers that fever reducers don't get rid of my fever, but it can be brought down a bit.

Carrie,  I'm pretty sure that low grade fevers do happen to many people with cfs.  There just isn't a lot of activitiy on this forum, so not a lot of replies are posted.  I always say it's because people with cfs are too tired to post, lol.
Hi hippimom,
Hi Carrie,Sandy B


Carrie:  do you think it could be your EBV acting up again.  Some Fibro/CFS Dr's think that &quot;stealth&quot; infections hide in our body (ie we get the &quot;flu&quot; or &quot;mono&quot; and the germ doesn't leave the body because we are immune compromised) and come out and wreak havoc on our bodies (essentially causing Fibro and/or Chronic Fatigue.

Hello!
Sally, I'm so glad you finally got a really good throrough doctor who is working hard to figure out what might be causing your symptoms.  While I hope you don't have anything serious, I do hope your labs will help the doc figure things out.  There's nothing worse than feeling rotten and having all your labs come back normal.
 
 
 Take good care of yourself, Ruth!  PS - How did you do the &quot;quote thing&quot; in your postings???

Hello Carrie,  The reason that I asked about Pink Grandma

It's nice to meet you also Carrie.  I have posted on the fibro forum a few times a long while ago.   I mostly post on the hepatitis forum as I was a caregiver for my husband.  But when I saw your titlle (Low grade fevers I just had to post here. ) I was diagnosised with fibro about Pink Grandma
 
 
Hi eveyone,

HI carrie
Shelter I got my daughter on the acidophilis, it helps ward of yeast infections and is actually keeping her regular since she wont eat fruits and veggies, I wish could eat them.
Have you ever been tested for lyme disease and co-infections by a LLMD lyme literate medical doctor?
fevers actually mean you body is fighting something or somethings.  Most likely some combination of bacteria-fungal and virus.  No reason why it cant be all three. I would work on the infection an not on turning down the immune system ( fever)
Hi. I am a 40 year old female who was diagnosed with fibro in 94, but have lived a pretty normal life until the last 5 months. I developed a rash on my elbows, severe fatigue, joint pain, and pleuresy all within a month. I also got the typical butterfly rash of Lupus and some weird little red spots on my stomach and breasts. My family doc immediately said Lupus, but sent me to a Rheum. who said absolutely not because of a negative ANA. I got better for around three weeks and then the symptoms reoccured this time with just joint pain, fatigue, and elbow rash. I am a teacher and by the time I get home, I am literally sick with exhaustion. I also get yeast infections a lot. I have had every test under the sun. Any insights would be appreicated and yes I have an appt. for a 2nd opinion.
Thank you , Brynn. I am going to&nbsp;a large teaching hospital. Hopefully they will get to the bottom of this. Was it a regular doc or an alternative doc tht finally diagnosed you?
Hi Twinmommy,Sue
Hi 

Are you looking for a place to purchase CoQ-10? Or are you looking for natural food sources of CoQ-10? Thanks for visiting HealingWell!&nbsp; We're glad to meet you, and just need a little more info to make a reply.&nbsp; Take care.
I was looking for food that contains a high proportion of Coenzyme Q10 and How much&nbsp; this proportion is
Just a quick drop by to say good night to all from Rainy Florida.
Hi there.
Gee Claudio, I'm afraid I don't know about dietary sources, without doing a search.  Have you tried searching?  Otherwise, maybe someone will come along with that knowledge, before long.
About what I know:
In your opinion 
I am being switched from Lexapro and Elavil to only Prozac. Any thoughts on that?Thank you.

Hi Cyndi
Hi Cyndi

Hi Cyndi,
Here are some of the many topics that may be discussed here.&nbsp; Feel free to choose one that interests you and start a new topic thread, describing your experiences connected with it.&nbsp; 
Dear Brynn and others,     I am again very reassurred to have found this site, and really want to share about many of the topics you have suggested. Even if it is only a few of us here, that to me is a gold mine. I am in a 12 step  on-line group and have daily family responsibilites, but this year I am hoping to get the support I have needed and missed for a very long time for emotional and physical health challenges(I have multiple chronic illnesses, chronic pain, am a single-parent of an adult learning disabled child, on disability, but very isolated due to illnesses(including depression and anxiety disorder). But I have a mighty spirit, am a professional counselor or was for nutritional weight loss and so want to be of service to others in this life as well as (difficult for me) to ask and receive support and help myself. Here's to a much happier and healthier New Year for all of us. Love from Wholebon
Hi WholeBon,
Dear Brynn,     Please never worry about not responding immediately as all of us here are in the same boat regarding coping with unpredictability of symptoms,etc. due to on-going health challenges. I am just so happy to hear from you at all (just goes to show how bad quality of life has been for me for so long now). Don't mean to complain or dwell in self-pity as I am just being honest as to how low I've sunk. Kind of like I have been living like this for so long, I am needing to just talk about what I've been experiencing, and needing a witness, someone to know I have been going through. I think isolation has made me feel invisible and giving words to this makes it more real, makes me  more real, alive, and more present. I am so glad procedure is helping you and giving you hope. I think you are amazing to be doing as much as you are, while in constant pain. I know how debilitating chronic pain can be, and thank you for affirming my&quot;mighty spirit&quot;.
Hi Everyone!Sue
Hi everyone
Hi Brightbundle  (I like your name!)ps.  Thanks for replying to my message.
Dear Littlesue and Brynn
Does healingwell have a chat room for CFS as well?
There's a chat room for CFS here at HealingWell.  Unfortunately, we have not had enough people interested in participating, to actually make it work.  I don't mind setting up a chat session, for even a couple of people, though.  So just let me know the times and dates you would be interested in having chats, and we can work it out.  I'm sure there are some CFS chat rooms on the internet that have so many participants, that they are active 24/7.  But I'm afraid I don't know where they are.
HI I am an 18 year old male, I recently went to see my GP as I have been having terrible pains in my chest and back. My left side of my chest, just under and around the heart has a constant pain, with my lower back hurting very regulary. 
Chedda:
Hi Chedda,

Chedda.
I have these knots too. I have multiple injuries in my back. I have been checked for cancer several times. Don't worry- you will know those knots, though I pray you never do. Mine have spread around my ribcage and lower abdomen, so yes- they can spread. I also have fibromyalgia, its quite painful. I take lyrica &amp; cymbalta for it &amp; they have helped leaps &amp; bounds! Feel free to ask me questions if you have them. I was a little scared too when I first felt them. Regular masseges help, but my pain specialists have told me they may never go away.
Thanks for the info. My drs have looked & checked. I am ok. It only hurts when they are touched without a warm up session (like from the massage therapist) There is also another condition called back mice. Thanks though! Oxycontin 60 MG 2x's daily; Oxycodone&nbsp;30 MG 4x's daily; Soma 3x's daily; Lyrica&nbsp;100 MG 3x's daily (all for pain &amp; fibro.); Phenergan 25 MG (as needed); Amitriptyline 25 MG 1x at bedtime;&nbsp;Cymbalta 60mg 2x's daily (for pain &amp; fibro);&nbsp;Restoril 15mg at bedtime; Zanaflex 4mg 3x's daily;&nbsp;Metoclopram (as needed) &amp; Senokot (as needed). 
Chedda, 

has anyone with the chronic knots gotten relief from a tempurpedic bed? My back is aggravated by lying down (to sleep).§teve
Hi Chedda, et al.S
Hi Everyone,Flower
I do this too, I get so nervous and terribly sick to my stomach, I'm not quite sure why, my doctors right now are great and always listen to me. But I guess cause in the past I have met some doctors that where real jerks, and treated me really bad, I was even molested by a sleep specialist, so after experiences like mine, I guess it's only normal to get nervous around doctors.
I have the same problem, and I've been going to the same PCP for 23 years and it still happens with him & pretty much any doctor.  I started requesting that the take my blood pressure at the end of the visit, because they kept thinking I had high blood pressure, but it is just from the nerves.  If they take it just before I walk out the door, it is almost always back to normal.Lorie
 
Anyone familiar with this? Does it exist? I have tried many opiate meds orally with no relief of my terrible pain. My headache is continuous 24/7, the pain is 10/10. The headaches are always temporal. This started ten years ago. This present headache has been there 2 years. My pain dr. says there is nothing much else he can do. The injections have not worked and no meds have worked. And he never mentioned any pumps although and i didn't think to ask. i live in Ontario and it doesn't seem that we are up to date with the states. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.
Hi Suzane,
TMJ, I think you may have Max Headroom syndrome!!!  You may not know who he was from the 80's but he was a computer generated head that stuttered alot.  Just kidding, gotta keep up the spirits some how. ---Jag---
&nbsp;&nbsp; Morning Suzane!....glad to see your asking the right people....I just dont have any experience with your type of problem. Looks like you got some good information already. Take care now...and you know where to find me! :)
I was part of the initial headache studies and nerve stimulators at Cleveland Clinic.  The study was done in order for NS to be approved for migraine headaches.  I had the stimulator installed and lasted me for almost 10 years when the battery died and my body finally rejected the leads.  It worked great for me, and I wish that I could have another one implanted.  However, due to scar tissue, I have been told that they cannot implant another unit.  If you have chronic migraines, then this is a viable option to obtain relief.  I continue to have chronic migraines, and just completed a trial for a pain pump using Prialt.  Prialt is a non-narcotic pain medication used when other drugs have failed.  I achieved significant pain relief during the trial, and am now waiting on my return appointment to discuss a pump installation.  I welcome any relief I can get through whatever means that it comes.  I suggest you shop around to pain clinics that specialize in migraine therapy. Most regular doctors do not fully understand the enormous pain associated with migraines unless they have suffered with them theirselves.  I wish you well in your journey to finding a solution to your problem.
hello. i posted here a few months back aboutare medication dose increases needed frequently? i'm on morophine only with the pump itself. i do have the ability to dose myself up to four times a day if needed via the pain pump. thanks in advance.
hi, straydog. finally a reply! i can't count the times i climbed out of bed to look to see if anyone had info for me yesterday after posting aboutthe nurse also told me that they have a handful of patients with the pumps in the fatty area of the hip/upper buttock area due to being unable to find good placement in the stomach. talk later.
I have a Medtronic pain pump that was put in July 2016. My pain specialist that fills it has always said it was to deep and it's difficult to fill.  Now it's flipping and moving when I walk.  The thought of having it relocated disturbs me.  I don't feel I should have to pay for this as the doc installed it improperly.  Any feedback here?
Hi Everyone. I won't be able to be online today, but I am pretty sure that I threw up my medicine. Well, I threw up aboutFlower
Dear flower I'm sorry your having trouble keeping stuff down . Have you tried taking one pill at a time , and slowly ? Theres no rush after all and do you take your med after eating ? Sometimes its more sootling to the body when you eaten first plus it can absorb the meds better .Good Luck Friend , Mikel
Flower,
Hi Flower,
I had trigger finger surgery two weeks ago, got the stitches out today and was sent immediately to PT.&nbsp; I was given a set of exercises, a strap thing to hold my fingers bent, a couple of splints to&nbsp;make them straighten, and some cream to rub into the scars with instructions.
Hi Alcie,
Alcie,PaLady
Hey Guys,What can I expect after the surgery?
I just had my trigger finger surgery (affected was my 3rd finger on my right hand) last week, 11/21/2011. It is now my 10th day and 4 more days before they remove my stitches on my palm.I am also scared for my next week visit on how they will remove my sutures. I think I'm getting paranoid again. :(
Alcie,
Hi Dw and mark, welcome to the forum.I totally agree with not getting general anesthesia!  I asked not to have sedation either, which is very common.  I just had a nurse to talk to - the whole 15 minutes it took to do 3 fingers.  No fuzziness, no loss of memory.  I wanted to watch, but the doc's back was toward me blocking my view, since he is right-handed and was working on my right hand.  I couldn't feel a thing!
just joined today.I have just had a serious bout of Sciatica and have been laid up in bed for 3 months unable to put any weight on my right leg because of the excruciating pain radiating from my back to my foot. I callled out 2 emergency doctors and an ambulance all to no avail. 
I believe you Minkey&gt; (love your name!) but you need to get up and get moving around or you are gonna be in a lot worse shape than when you 1st went to bed!!  I'm a certified Luny~Tune!!
Thank You to Pete trips again and Alcie,for the advice on my L4/L5 disc Bulge and the awful 3months I have just had. Yes Pete I am up now but left with a terrible fatigue and cronic backache every time I start to do something. I have made an appiontment with my GP and will insist I am referred to a neurosurgeon and physio.What made me so mad was I was given no effective pain relief if I had I would have got up sooner. I do not want to go through that again and will be putting in a formal complaint to the appropriate people. I would not let my dogs suffer let alone a human. Will keep you posted as the outcome with my GP. Thank You
Hey all:
I'm new here and I have chronic pain from fibromyalgia and also have degenerative arthritis in lower back L4, L5, S1 been taking oxycodone for the last two months which seems to help, but now I can't find a pharmacy to fill my prescription for this month it is on 60 pills 30mg and no one seems to have them what is the problem I live in Michigan.
I would contact your Dr. asap and tell them you are having this issue and have them make the calls to the pharmacy because many pharmacists, unfortunately, if you are calling asking if they have Oxycodone and you are not a regular customer there, they may fib over the phone.&nbsp;
I suggest you try CVS, Walgreens, Rite Aid, or other large chains.  The individual 
It's funny how people treat you when you are trying to get this medication I'm not an addict I take my meds when needed and as directed. There no problems last month of getting them now this month it is virtually impossible. I asked for a lower dosage and was told no I have to keep what I have how can I keep what I have if I don't have them in the first place losing sleep and losing patience.
Thanks Sb, I go to this CVs all the time I have been on other pain meds before and had no problem with filling them at this store I know the people in there we talk all the time, they know me. My Dr is being a jackwagon for not lowering the dosage or finding an adequate pharmacy that may have them.
I have to go there tomorrow to pickup another prescription so I will ask again when they will have them in
Both sides of my ribs hurt badly when I wake up from sleeping all night. It hurts so much I can't bare the pain & I have to get up out of bed. After a back injury several years ago (I had rod & screw placement, a burst fracture and fusion of L3) I did adapt to sleeping flat on my back, but I do make a conscious effort to change positions (sleep on side, sleep with head elevated), but that does not help, I still wake up with rib cage pain. After awhile of being up out of bed the rib pain subsides. Now, let me be clear, it is not back pain. The pain is on BOTH sides, the right and left side of my rib cage, under my arms, if you took your hand and placed it a couple inches below my arm pit, you would be in the area of the pain. I'm concerned it may be chest related. I am a smoker of many years. Cancer, Heart Arrhythmia and other issues run rampant in my family history. I don't understand what this could be. I have a feeling someone is going to say muscular, but I'm doubting that it is costochondritis as it's been persistent for a long time now and as I said it subsides awhile after getting up. I have mentioned it to my Dr. but I think I will start to be more aggressive in having her look into it. I'm just wondering if anyone knows what I could personally look into/suggest for testing. Please help, thanks so much.
Hi K3elly  :)Good luck!  :))
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Hi there, Many thanks.
Hi everyone. I went to see the back neurosurgeon last week. I wasn't expecting his findings. He took the time with me to discuss the scans of my back and neck. He sees some 'problem areas', but those areas are NOT, repeat NOT, the areas I am having my troubles. Those areas are showing no abnormality and no reason for not getting better. Nothing on my scans explains my pain. He is an &quot;out-of-the-box&quot; thinker, and I needed to hear what he said. In two months, I will have been at my job for 19 years. Obviously I've been out of the job search loop for a very long time. This will be a scary endeavor for me. Someone asked if I could take disability while I look for another job. I don't know how disability works or if I'd qualify, but I have to admit there's an appeal to that.
Yesterday I had the second post-op appointment, now 6 weeks out. Bad news is I must wear the hard cervical collar another 6 weeks; but the good news is I can take it off while eating, showering, and sleeping. Yay!- surgery on 4/23/2015 7-level C3-T2 Posterior Cervical Laminectomy + Fusion
Hello and thank you to anyone taking there time to read this.I fell backwards down my stairs.I hit my right elbow on my iron railing post.I sliced my arm open very bad .As soon as the injury occured I could not feel half of my arm,my pinky finger and half of my ring finger .To skip a long part my husband drove me to hospital where they gave me pain meds gave me an exray and told me I had broke my medial epicondyle.They sent me to another hosp.that place stitched me up and said call them in a week to set up appointment .I went home and was so upset because I knew there was somthing really wrong.The next morning I called my pcp.She set me up w a orthopedic surgeon that specializes in upper extremity.W in six days I had surgery to have my bone screwed back together where they found out I totally severed my unar nerve and they preformed micro surgery that took six hours total.since then I have claw fingers in my pinky and index finger .I still have absolutely no feeling in my last two fingers.my right hand is very week therapy is not helping.what I can feel is nerve pain .I'm on gabapentin 3xs/day and occasionally take a 7.5 hydrocodone.the meds are starting to not work.I'm scheduled to get an emg done this week to see how far the nerve has regenerated.upon this my surgeon wants to do a second surgery where they take nerve endings and plugg them into my ulnar nerve.He calls it super charging my nerve to help jump start the regeneration process since it's so slow.I am 31 year old otherwise healthy active mother of 3.very desperately seeking answers or opinions from anyone with simular injury..my right hand is losing muscle fast no matter what I seem to do to stop it .I just want to regain as much movement and strength that I can,just to be able to get it as close as possible to normal or at least know I've tried everything possible to regain full function.Thank you very much to any one that takes the time to read my post!!
Sarge, you have every right to have such mixed feelings aboutModerator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums
Some my friends told me about Detensor back traction device? It looks very interesting, but I would like to talk with people who already try it. Please reply ASAP.
In June I had knee replacement surgery and am scheduled for a surgery on the other knee on the 21 of November. Prior to knowing surgery was scheduled for that date my doctor's PA prescribed prednisone (50 - 10 mg tabs) to be taken over 12 day period tapering off to one pill at the end. The last pill would be three weeks before surgery. My problem is a concern over this. I find I can walk without pain since taking prednisone, in fact walked 3 miles this morning, and I would like to continue till the end of the cycle. At the time the PA schedule the medication I thought I would be doing extensive traveling and have experienced unbearable pain on airplanes plus homes I will be staying in involve a lot of stair climbing. The surgery date came after I had filled this prescription without the PA knowing surgery was coming before traveling which has now been canceled. Under these circumstances is it going to make a difference if I stop the pills  three works before?
Antibiotic treatment to cure back pain with Modic type 1 changes. Intramuscular Ozone injections also work but are not mentioned in this article.
Sorry I might be in the wrong category, but I could not find anything on Sepsis. My question is regarding hair loss after sepsis.Thanks you in advance for any help and advice.
I am scheduled for surgery March 23rd. On March 7th (after a CT scan), my surgeon gives me the dirty details, but in my initial consult, he said I need a C3-T1 ACDF & posterior fixation (7-8 hours on the table).  He said this is a HUGE surgery and not normally done. He pointed out issues starting at C2-C3 and my major issue at C7-T1 and said this is a HUGE surgery, but was necessary.  He added that he would offer an easier solution if possible.  He did not go into any detail since he wants to talk after seeing the CT scan.  I have had previous C6-C7 ACDF in 2000 with donor bone and C5-C6 ACDF in 2010 with plate & cage.  The first surgery was a great success with no pain medications needed after I went home.  The second one was rougher.  I did have some pain and medicated a couple weeks, but a few months after surgery, I developed vocal fold paralysis and did a year of voice therapy.  I am a teacher, but was doing a technology related non-classroom job that year so I managed. When back in the classroom the following year, I used a sound system.  I have not needed it for the past four years.    Any advice is appreciated.  I am a 50 year old male.
I’m thinking a full 2 months in neck brace. One almost done. Recovery-?????? With the last surgery, I was off work for 3 and a half months. This surgery was more involved , so we will see?!?!
I am new to this and don't really know how this works so please bear with me. I had ulnar nerve transposition surgery in January 2015. The surgeon explained to me that the numbness and pain in my pinkie and ring finger could take 12-18 months to get better. Well, that timeline has long passed and I am in worse pain than before surgery. I've had a couple of stellate ganglion blocks and ketamine - twice - and narcotics which do and did nothing.To say I'm frustrated is an understatement and wonder if anyone else has suffered with this type of outcome. I've changed doctors because I wasn't happy with the lack of answers. I have new doctors now and so far, they haven't given me much hope for new treatments that will work either. I've even asked them to please just kill the nerve(s) altogether so the unrelenting pain will allow me to have a better quality of life. Thoughts, anyone?
Hello  12 hrs. then the pain was back. I am waiting for my next visit at pain management next week. I'm fearing that he may send me to see a surgeon. Has anyone else been in this same position? In agony. Thanks Rogi B
Hello all. 34 year old male in good shape. For the past 6 months or so I have been battling repeat episodes of pain below my right rib (about
Jklue, the condition of your gallbladder when it was removed?  Did it show inflammation, stones, etc??
Hi I had ankle arthroscopy two and half weeks ago, debridement and some removal of synovitis and ligament work.  I thought my recovery would be further along than this.  Still masses of swelling and bruising (black and Blue) despite elevation and icing, ibruprofen etc.  Is this normal??  I can barely put any weight on the ankle, crutches are my new besties!  I am supposed to be back at work the end of next week but don't know how I am going to cope...ANy advice help, would be greatly appreciated....
I've gotten several emails &quot;informing&quot; me I've been &quot;selected&quot; to be in a clinical trial of CBD (marijuana).  I I'm wondering how they got my email.  I hope HW hasn't been hacked!  I'm not in any other forums like this, just one local group, and I've asked them to check their security too.  But our local hospital was hacked, so there are plenty of ways and places to become a potential victim.
Hello fellow pain warriors.  I've been a member for many many years, just haven't posted in quite a while.  I also have fibromyalgia and that is where I use to spend most of my time.  I had back problems back then, diagnosed with fibro 30 years ago, but I thought it was a part of fibro.  I've learned over the years that I have degenerative disk disease throughout my thoracic and lumbar spine.  December, 2016, 11 months ago, I had surgery; L3/4 and L4/5 laminectomy for spondylolithesis and severe spinal stenosis, and L4/5 fusion. Four weeks post surgery, nerve pain down leg (right) was gone! Then, it came back, only worse and has continued for 11 months, but also in my left leg.  I've gone to phys therapy on and off throughout this time period and today, I have a nerve and muscle test (EMG/NCV) performed by a neurologist.  He share some information, stating it is preliminary and would have final results sent to my surgeon and PCP. He told me I have severe nerve damage from T2 through S1 on my right leg, and L5/S1 severe nerve damage on the left leg.  He then asked me if the surgeon left any hardware in me.  I said yes, there are rods and screws to hold the fusion. I asked if he thought that had something to do with this nerve damage.  He told me to call my surgeon and he will review results and discuss with me.  So I left messages for both neurosurgeon and orthopedic surgeon and not surprisingly, I've not heard back as yet.  I'm a wreck.  This news is terrifying me.  I have no idea what this means, will it get worse? Do I have to have surgery again and if so, my goodness, all the way down my spine?  Anyone here dealing with this and have any information you can share?  I'd be so grateful.  Thanks so much
been killing myself to live with walking with the stick and stopping every 30 meters and back seizing calves burning and out of breath. with sublux shoulders, arthritis in neck and hands, hands xray last week, not confirmed, but peripheral nuropathy has been recently. have slipped disk in back. physio said wrecked scapula. both shoulders so i made the decision to get my gov loan and buy an electric mobility scooter. picked up an old girl for 450 aussie bucks, cheapie. i made a ramp for it to get up on the porch. used some wood, four bricks and a gate. i will still walk when able. ht.
Hello.  I am new to the forum and have read quite a few threads.  I had a C-5/6 + C-6/7 ACDF with cadaver bone graft August 24, 2017.  I was never issued a collar.  My insurance changed right after surgery, so I do not have access to the Neurosurgeon who performed my surgery. So I made an appointment with my primary only to find out he had quit without notice.  I have seen a nurse practitioner twice, but she doesn't know a lot about prescribing it.  My drug of choice is 800mg Ibuprofen, but I was told not to take any anti-inflammatories.  I have endured without post-surgical pain relief with just my trusty ice pack.  I was told recovery would be 1 to 2 weeks, but now it has been almost 3 months and I am ready to give up.  I am down to 107 lbs. I am afraid to eat when my husband is gone because I choke, and I don't want him to come home and find me dead like that.  I have an appointment at a new clinic with a new doctor on December 18, 2017.  What questions should I ask?
It’s been about12/14, SCS implant
Hello, two weeks. I hope this questions makes sense. It just scares me because pain scares me..lol.
chronic nerve pain had boston scientific implant 1 day ago
Hi!Fugeeland.com
So I think that my CRPS (complex regional pain syndrome) has probably spread to my right leg, and possibly my left leg from my recent back surgeries. I'm 3 mo out from my last surgery now, and was making slow but steady progress, as expected, up until about
Please only respond if satisfied with your decision. Thanks 
For those of you that have had your surgery, what things could you have done to prepare for it. I live alone, almost 70 yrs old and having my thumb & ring finger operated on Dec 12.open bottled water so the caps will come off easily. Paper & plastic dishes so I can throw away & not wash many. Frozen dinners should help.  I will make things as uncluttered as possible. Fixing up extra kitty litter boxes, and putting dry food in smaller plastic boxes. What else can I do to make things easier? Did you ever say I wish I did something cause I can't do it now. Can't wait to get more suggestions before Dec 11,2017. Thanks in advance, Renee
Hi all. My 51 year old wife is having a neurosurgeon perform a surgical decompression and implant a Coflex device between her lower vertebra on Thursday. She never realized that some of her odd pain/numbness issues in her legs/arms/back were all that serious, but she was diagnosed with a good case of congenital spinal stenosis after a 3T MRI and x-rays. I haven't found much on here about
Hi I'm new to this.  I will start out by saying I am a klutz.  Sept. Fell dislocated left shoulder told I needed reverse shoulder replacement. OK but had to wait because of nerve damage to deltoid muscle, but I was told now need both shoulders replaced, because right shoulder had been dislocated twice and repaired Dr said best do new injury first since I have limited movement.    Now my problem is I have had pain in my right elbow and wrist for almost 2 weeks.  I have an appointment with shoulder Dr in 10 days to discuss replacements. I went to orthopedic specialty er unit because of the pain I have had in my right wrist and elbow.  Xrays showed arthritis.  Gave me prednisone regime and to take Aleve and Tylenol.  Finished last prednisone today and still same pain.  Can the pain I am  experiencing be from my shoulder?  They asked if I have injured my neck.  Have had a few jarring falls in the past 8 months?  Could all of this be a part of a neck injury and not my shoulder.  I have a follow up appointment with the specialist in 10 days.  Should I just wait?
Hi. My name is Todd and I’m from down here in Mississippi. I’ve got several injuries that have been kicking my butt for years. In 2012 I fell 22 feet and shattered my ankle and every bone in my leg up to my knee. I’ve had to have 4 surgeries on that and have arthritis, RSD, nerve damage etc. still to this day in my ankle. Thanks so much. Todd
Good morning, I’ve posted a few times on your forum. I’ve had CRPS since I was 19 years old following an injury in college. It effects my right foot mostly but can bother my entire right leg at times. I’ve managed it on my own with exercise until a few years ago when my ulcerative colitis began interfering with my lifestyle. My foot has become very angry and swollen so much that I’m having to buy larger shoe size. I already see PM for allodynia of the heels that happened after the loading doses of humira. I saw a foot/ankle and PM yesterday and they brought up having lumbar injections vs SCS. I’m a nurse anesthetist so have provided anesthesia for patients undergoing SCS trial and placement but now that I’m the patient, what considerations went into your decision to get an SCS? I know I won’t be MRI elegible and I know there is a newer company using parasthesia free stimulation. I’m very interested in their technology. What do I need to know from the patient perspective and what questions should I ask the PM who I’ll be seeing last week in December.gabapentin, cymbalta for neuropathy in feet most likely from humira. Insurance denied lyrica so now on low dose methadone
Hello, I was wondering if anyone here has scoliosis pain like I do? It's hard to talk about it with people who aren't going through it.
Hi,
I did a search and didn't find any posts that fit this criteria, so thought I'd just go ahead and ask.Thanks for any information anyone can provide!
hi everyone
I really didn't want to go to another neuro after the last one. I was in tears. But what am I supposed to do? Symptoms have increased.  Lasting longer. More intense.  The supposed tumor on my pituitary showed on my ct but not my mri. My intestines shutdown on me yet again. Last week was pretty bad. My legs hurt so bad it was hard to get around.  Gah!  I just want it to stop. The pain needs to go away. I need a doc who knows what theyre doing.  No more poking and prodding and imaging. I want it to be done and over with. My rant is over. I feel a bit better.
I am fairly new to this forum.I JUST CAN'T DEAL WITH THIS PAIN ANYMORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have extreme nerve pain on the right side of my body caused by lupus. My Rheumatologist has recommended I try Ketamine Infusions to see if it will reset the pain resceptors in my brain. Has anyone tried Ketamine, if so what was your experience?
I'm 27 years old and for some reason I suddenly can't wear glasses anymore without experiencing awful pain. The pair I had worn for a few years broke back in April and when I tried to find a new pair, I had trouble finding any that didn't hurt. I assumed that maybe I was just buying ones that were too big or heavy but literally 20+ pairs and six months later I still can't wear glasses. I've worn glasses since second grade and never had an issue till now. The pain starts where the glasses are pressing on my nose and radiates outward, like a headache. It's this horrible dull aching pressure type of pain. It really hurts.
HiPLEASE HELP!!!!!! I am so nervous!!!
I have a question, I received my medtronic pain pump on December 4, 2017...the pump is placed on the left side in my back below my waist line. I've started having pain in the front of my leg to my knee... Also waiting to get morphine in pump so dealing with withdrawals as well. I welcome any advice I can get, I feel like I'm losing my mind!
HI guys, great forum, looking for some grounded hopefully positive support.. 2/4 out of 10 each day throughout the day and they seems to not improve much over the last 3 weeks. I have read lots and am learning more that people get results or improvement re nerves after 12-18 months.....i this a real thing or i am i setting myself up for misery when 12 months comes an dim not better...love some feedback guys...im stressing big time im stuck with this, its taken its toll mentally already..anxious to the max...
Thanks again Straydog, hoping you are continuing to heal well also.
I'm 41 and I've been dealing with chronic pain for over 10 years.  aboutJust looking for support/advice.  Thanks.
Hi.I've been taking Lyrics for13 years now,and I'm coming close to retiring soon, lyrica for the most part has worked well for me. A little weight gain,I'm on only 75 mg,but I feel lately it's not working. I want to slowly get off it,but I'm wondering does anyone know if its just hard or harder the longer you've taking lyrica or is it the disease. 
Hello,Thanks in advance.
LONG post warning.   I have used meds to monitor chronic pain for over 20 years and work as RN.  I was injured in a car wreck, and my orthopod  put me on disability.  I ve had 15 plus knee surgeries after wreck. Two total knees,  still non functioning.  Pain and swelling persists.  I was seeing a pain management dr. who left town, and I went to the primary dr. she had take over her practice about
Scheduled my 4 level ACDF surgery.   I'm not so much worried about
Newbie here.... been reading posts and getting some great information from everyone, so thank you!Anyone go through a situation like this? Either facing a 3rd surgery or having problems with weight because you've been battling back issues and can't keep active? Any wisdom would be greatly appreciated.
I hope everyone is having a great holiday.Came down with a severe case of peripheral neuropathy mostly on the left side, No feeling in my left fingers just numbness.
Good morning everyone & Merry Christmas. I hope everyone has a low pain day to relax & enjoy. I am going to have a low key day & remind myself all of the things I am thankful for.Moderator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums
aboutThe last 3 weeks I’ve also started to have a headache almost every day. Lately it feels like a pressure towards the back of my head and neck pressure/tightness. I had a couple of instances where I felt light headed and once felt light headed with chest squeezing. I went to the ER for more bloodwork and came back with elevated bilirubin. My GI doctor wants to do a scan to check my gallbladder to see if that could be causing the problems. Has anyone had any similar symptoms or any suggestions? This has been every day for 4 months which is becoming tiresome. I am currently just seeing a cardiologist and GI doctor. The constant has been the chest pain with occasional abdomen pain but the headaches now are throwing me off. Thanks for any help!
Sadly I had no change after the PRP injection.  Still lots of shoulder pain.  I am started therapy with a Chiropractor soon on my neck per directions of my dr.  Ortho said that we will see how this goes before he decides on another shoulder surgery.  Didn't want to hear those words again. Maybe the neck problem is causing some of the shoulder pain.  I know that I have got to get some relief.  I get up around 2:30 am nearly every morning for ice and tylenol.  I have taken this too long and I know it is not good for me but it is the only relief I get.  12/14, SCS implant
Hello, All. Just want to introduce myself... medications and treatment strategies. That's fine, but not what I'm looking for. Hoping to simply get some emotional support and maybe also pass on some of my wisdom from living with chronic pain for 15+ years.
Hi everyone! I was hoping people could give me some personal experiences with trigger point injections. I have my first pain management appt on Jan 3rd and I want to ask for them. My PCP and PT both concurred that they are the only option left to knock out muscle spasms in my neck. I have no idea what to expect, and real life experience works better for me than google. Sarah
i really don't know how you guys deal with all the pain. for the last month i have had back pain. it started out in my lower left side so i thought kidney infection or something like that. went to er and they said sciatica which i didn't believe it was, no pain in legs or anything else. they gave me naproxen which doesn't help and narco which didn't help. i go to my dr and he says its a strained muscle and tendon and gives me ibuprofen 800, gabapentin, and flexiril which is a muscle relaxer. it helps for a while. now the pain is going from left to right side and up my spine. it feels like someone is taking my spine and twisting it and squeezing it and punching it. sometimes percocets helps and sometimes it doesn't it was so bad today i barely slept and i cant take it no more. i went to a chiropractor, the one my husband goes to, and he took an xray, he is the only person to do some kind of test and he said by looking at it that it looks like arthritis and disc degeneration but he needs to look closer and i wont see him til next week.Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
Has anyone experienced an improvement in  balance after ACDF?  I am having surgery on C4-7 in  two weeks and am hoping it will help my balance issues.
I lived with a painful joint condition for 7 years that was loosely diagnosed as Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. My back, my neck, my hips, my butt, my knees, ankles, feet, toes, arms, hands, fingers, everything hurt constantly. Whether I was sitting, lying down, walking, exercising, whatever - my joints felt like they were being stabbed with burning needles. Nothing relieved the pain aside from Oxycodone, which I quickly realized the danger of after a severe withdrawal. There was no relief from this strange condition and it never got better over the years: long drives were agony, sitting in class in college was agony, going for short walks with my friends was agony, lying in bed at night was hell; it affected every facet of my life and the worst part was doctors had no answer for me. I just want to ask, why didn't losing it make me stronger?
Hi, this is a long story so I will try and simplify.  June 2016, I had my first pain pump installed.  Even before I had my staples out I had HORRENDOUS fall which basically pulled the pain pump out from the muscle wall and twisted the cord so badly that the pain pump stopped working.  We found all this out while trying to refill the pump and found it upside down.  Went in for surgery the next day for a new one.  all is well, had almost complete pain relief!!  I had my life back.  Truly did!  Month or so later, another fall.  turned around quickly lost my balance and sat down hard on table.  Guess what  Tore it out again.  So this time they took it out and put it into my left side.  Well guess what?  I developed a staff infection in it.  So from Feb 14th to March 23, I endured rounds of antibiotics and a stomach that looked like I had a ten pound bowling ball in it.  But, the pump was working and I had complete relief.  So they had to take it out, spent 4 days in the hospital on super antibiotics.  They told me I had to wait at least six weeks before I could have the pump put back in.  So they took it out and immediately that nagging awful every minute of my life pain returns.  So seven weeks past and in June of 17 I went in for surgery of the new pump.  The second I opened my eyes, I said wait, the pump is not working, they couldn't do it!  My pain is still there!  But no, they told me it was in and working fine.  Want a bet?  We did a die test showing the dye going in.  Why in my first 3 did I get 90-100% relief and nothing, I mean nothing out of this one!  Tuesday I in for surgery for a spinal stimulator.  I can't take the back pain anymore and am ready to check out.  Anybody got any ideas
I've had a very stressful Christmas. Visiting son totaled my car.  Spent days (2 straight) using bad posture on my couch with my laptop to find another car and started having back pain.  Used an electrode back massager to help. The next day went to yoga, back went out.  Not horrible so I stayed reclined and used icy patches.
Hi I am new to this post.  For the last several months I have been dealing with constant pain right below my belly button.  I have had colonoscopy, endoscopy, umbilical hernia repair, exploratory surgery, hysteeoscopy where they removed a uterine polyp and several blood tests and every comes back normal yet the pain persists.  I have also had ekg and stress test.  The pain feels as tho someone has put a Rubbermaid around me and pulled tight.  I realize you cannot give medical advice but has anyone heard of this.  I am being referred to physiatrist hopefully with appt soon.  Any thing you can offer is appreciated.  Thanks.
Several doctors have been unable to diagnose my lower abdominal pain has anyone worked with a physiatrist with any success.  Doctors have been able to rule out any organ damage which is good news - bad news is I still have pain
I’ve been dealing with chronic, persistent large ovarian cysts on and off for 3 years. I was previously treated with depo lupron (successfully) after having a cyst removed that returned a week later.  They’ve been returning but haven’t caused the extreme pain again until now.  I’ll add, I lost my right ovary due to torsion from a large cyst.I am so frustrated that doctors have lost all sense of compassion and DO NOT LISTEN to patients!  I’ve had a miserable Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years due to this pain... If I hadn’t already been to the ER twice, I’d go-but what will they do?  This is so exhausting!
Just wondering if anyone has had abdominal nerve pain and what your symptoms were.  My surgeon thinks my pain is either nerve or muscle pain.
That's the only way I can describe it.  I've had 2 surgeries on it, leaving me with chronic impingement syndrome.  I get this occasionally but today it's horrible.ion relief.
Saw the new neuro right before the holidays. I of course wasnt impressed. She didnt have my mri results or scans so she rescheduled me so she can look them over. I go back the 9th of Jan. We will see what she finds. Then I go to my gp and go from there.But, Thats where I am at, at the moment. I just wish I could tell if I had to pee!
ok now that I know the problem with my back now I am going from there. I have never dealt with chronic pain so I am turning here. I am stretching small amounts to help out plus coming up with a plan of action.Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza 1.2  mg in morning and 100 mg Januvia at night
Hi everyone,https://copingwithchronicpain.blog
So I've been dating someone who began to have chronic pain when we first met about
Has anyone ever experienced abdominal wall pain?  I have had several tests and images including exploratory surgery and everything comes back normal.  I experience the pain just below my belly button and it feels very tight and sensitive.
HiThank you for your thoughts!
Went to neuro today. I had mentioned to her about the foci. The foci could be caused by unchecked blood pressure. My normal BP is 111/70 ish. Today and the last visit were 130/90ish. I say ish because I cant remember the exact numbers. But I am a dog walker, and when I finish a walk or work with animals, I know my pressure goes up, its exercise. So I know its not unchecked bp. But I will get a BP machine and keep an eye on it. My husband and I did discuss Diabetic Neuropathy. But another doctor said no, my A1c is too low. I also really watch my numbers and what I eat. So, I really do hope it is just Vit B12. I know my Vit D is below levels too. Im hoping its just those 2.
Hello,
Hi everyone. I wanted to share my uncles sciatica story on here. Hes been dealing with it for years and has tried allot of different therapies but the pain just kept coming back. From chiropractor trips to painkillers (which work, but the side effects). The one thing at the chiropractors office that worked well was the tens unit and we had no idea they were over the counter until a few years ago. 
Hi, I just joined this group.  I am looking for support.  I used to work as an Hostess and back in September had fallen in the kitchen.  I had been diagnosed with Rotor Cuff Tear and Frozen Shoulder.  I have been getting physical therapy since November, 3 times per week.   I was getting better making progress but all of a sudden I am going backwards.  The pain has increased.  My pain level which had been down to a 3 with the PT now has become a 5 -7.  I am trying to avoid surgery.  The pain medication Percocet is no longer working.  Feeling frustrated and down.  Has anyone felt like their progress was going backwards?  
Hey all,Fibromyalgia, Crohns Disease, ileostomy (2013), blood filter for clots (2017) even while bleeding from Crohns! PTSD
This post may be a little long. about
Hello all Bilateral TMJ replacements due to bone fusion, port-a-cath, g/j feeding tube, antiphospholipid antibody syndrome(my blood fights itself) epilepsy, MCTD, dysphagia(unable to swallow correctly)
I am at a loss here and am begging for advice.I cannot figure it out and at my whits end trying figure it out. Please if anyone has any idea I will greatly appreciate it.
Hi everyone,  I have Lyme disease, Bartonella and Babesia which causes me severe, flu like achingness all over, plus leg and knee pain.  I’ve been on the Butrans patch for a few years which took away aboutWould appreciate any recommendations!  Thank you!
Im beginning to feel like a flippin hypochondriact! The next appointment is in June. I dont think its a good idea to wait that long. The bladder issue has somewhat resolved itself. Thank Goodness! Still a bit of trouble, but not as bad. It has really let up. But now I dont have full use of my left leg. I cant extend it. My left elbow cant bend all the way. It hurts. Dont have full use of that either. I just literally got my Vit B12 results and its 502, range is 200-1100. Wth??? I want to call the neuro and get the appointment bumped up. But I am afraid of bugging the crap out of her. Back to the drawing board.
Hello, looking for a Muscle relaxer for occational use without groggy side effects. I used to use Skelaxin (Metaxalone) years ago. Worked great, no side effects. Now its not covered with my Rx coverage and it over $200 at Target.thanks
I had PS surgery at 4 weeks old. 29 years ago. Ive had a strange pain in the left upper quadrant of my abdomen and Gerd. Had several scans. Enptying test. Scopes from both ends and theyve found nothing aside from incidentally finding fatty liver and barretts esophagus. I wondering if someone could describe the pain of adhesions and is it possible to miss partial bowel obstructions on a ct scan?
I have been dealing with chronic pain for years. I suffer from RA, erosive Ostio and have been treated for years. I have stenosisin lumbar, thoracic, and cervical. I have had radio frequency eblations. I go to the pain dr in 2 weeks and the breakthru pain has gotten worse. I take 62,5 millg pain patch and still have breakthru pain which has gotten worse. I am concerned about taking more pain meds but its the only thing that works. Should i ask for a larger dose or just tough it out. My quality of life is getting worse because of the brekthru pain.
Dear ForumSherlockBear
Hello,
A new development in my crazy life, I have apparently decided to have vasovagal response to injections and almost pass out. I have 5 children. Had chronic pain issues over half my life. Plenty of needle sticks and blood draws just between those two things. Never an issue. Sarah
Hit another brickwall. Neuro called and said that my mri and ct are remarkable. Didnt find anything. I want to cry. What do I do???
HI I have had burning mouth syndrome for 10 years, had a complete hysterectomy when I was 51, like 3 years later I started having burning mouth syndrome I have generalized anxiety And my dentist gave me a mouth guard she said I deeply clench my teeth at night I do take a Benzopines to alleviate the pain I even went to Dermotologist no infections I do get vitamin B12 shots every 3 months it usually comes and goes I started taking 5 mg of Crestor but I already had this condition I have acid reflex I take nexium but not that much I will be 64 yrs old I hope it goes away Its very annoying and uncomfortable thank you I would appreciate some feedback if someone out there has this condition thank you💝
My husband had a pain pump put in some years ago. He still is in pain. The pump was put in deep and I would say for the last 3 years it started rising to the top of his skin you can actually feel it. We spoke to the doctor and he said he would put in back further in but there was  no guarantee it would not happen again. He left the decision up to my husband who has dementia so I would need to make the decision.  I would like to know has this happened to any of you that have pain pumps in the lower area. I would so much appreciate an answer. I don’t know what to do to help him . Has anyone ever had the doctor do the surgery  again to put it in deeper and did it work? I thank you so much for your time. The pain pump has diludid in it and he has upped the dose twice.
I have taken the liberty of starting you a thread of your own. Welcome to the forum. We have had many members have ACDF's. Moderator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums
HELP! 5 years. Been to several doctors. Recently had surgery in both of my feet for tarsal tunnel and plantar facsiitis. But nothing has relieved the pain! My pain gets worse by the day. Its radiated up my legs and into my back. Now I am dealing with lower back pain. I have trouble walking, standing, anything to do with putting pressure on my feet. But you would never know, I can walk/stand for at least ten minutes. I look fine. I finally saw a pain management doctor. He wanted to get some tests done. So far I know my blood work was normal and the nerve conduction test was normal. So what is causing the pain? It seems like no doctor wants to take responsibility for me, they throw me around like a hot potato, no one wants to take the time to figure out a correct diagnosis. I am so frustrated. I have no support either, people just tell me &quot;well others have it worse than you, why are you so depressed?&quot; and I get that from those closest to me! They don't know what pain is like! They don't understand that my will to live gets harder each day. I went from being very active, athletic, and working full time to an unemployed couch potato. Can anyone here relate? And what do you do next, when doctors don't know what to do?
Hi friends. Turtle sore. Looks likeKeep well everyone and strong. Ht
I get my rx at a place that refills on the 28th day and the paper reads 30 day supply but my new rx reads 30 day supply fill next month when due?
Insurance will no longer pay for OxyContin er .i have had this work for my pain for years with no upset to my
Today, my pain management doctor asked me &quot;Why are you here?&quot; I just wanted to cry. I told him because I had questions for him. He did not even take the time to hear them all. I was told there is nothing left to do for my foot pain. He has no idea what is causing it. So all I can do is continue to take the medication he gave me in hopes a higher dose will work. As for my back pain, I am getting injections. I hope that will help. But mainly, I am upset that he looked at me as if I was wasting his time. Is my pain not real enough for him? Am I just a waste of space? I have been to every doctor possible, he was my last hope! I don't need rejection. I am also having pain in my wrist, I have tendinitis in two places. Already had injections. I feel like my body is just falling apart on me. And I feel very alone, those I know who deal with chronic pain are usually too busy to talk to. What do I do when there is nothing left? How do you accept living with chronic pain for the rest of your life?
Hello everyone!I was wondering people with SCS, have any of you experienced any of this? Or why did anyone get their stimulator removed? and if they have, how how the surgery to get it removed?
Hello all! I’m currently having pains all over my body that are worrying. I recently had a MRI of my underarms and found out I had budged disk, so I contributed the pain to that. However, I have pain in my armpits, pain in my feet and legs along with what appears to be left foot swelling. The other day, I seen a lump on my left thigh, not on the side near my groin. The next day I woke up and it was gone. I had a lump under my ear lobe before that, and it was full of pus. I eventually popped it. Now I have a painful, red lump on my back. I had so many test the past few months. Two ct scans of neck and chest(everything was fine) a mri of my back and neck(bulged disk/Lumbar Radiculopathy) a bunch of xrays(nothing) and a mri of my foot in which I’m waiting on the results to come back this week. I tried to say well maybe all of this has to do with my lumbar radiculopathy, but too many things are going on. All of this started late last year with throat pains, that have somehow gone away but it has turned into something else . I’m just so stressed over all of it. Has anybody dealt with this before?
I'm on 30 mg oxycodone 3x per day, and MS Contin 15 mg 2x per day (among many, many other meds - which are not opiates). It has been a nightmare the last week calling Walgreens and my Dr back and forth due to a lack of communication. Walgreens wanted some info (like a treatment plan) from my Dr, and so finally they spoke with each other. The end goal with my Dr. is to try a bunch of opiates, then move onto the Fentanyl patch (which my insurance denied because they wanted a &quot;Pain Ladder&quot; approach [start with less powerful pain meds and move upwards from there]). So, my Dr called Walgreens and I guess she told her the end goal was to get me off of opiates (don't know why she would say this since it's not the truth) Maybe she just said it so they would fill it and not take it seriously. So, I spoke to Walgreens and they told me they can now fill these opiates, but this would be the last month she would fill my pain pills. What the hell!!! I am in severe, severe amounts of pain even on the medication I am on. All I can manage to do most days is writhe around in bed or sleep, constantly thinking about
I’ve been having random pains in my ribs, mostly lower ribs on both sides, since Friday.All online searches come back with pretty serious and concerning reasons for rib pain.  Anyone know any benign reasons for it?
A couple of evenings ago I heard, felt a big SNAP in the outside of my foot accompanied by sudden severe pain and swelling.  I'd had surgery there for &quot;flatfoot,&quot; a year since last September - since the Evans ostoeotomy surgery. nearly 17 months ago.My pain doc could give me more meds, I suppose. not a cure.  Pain is not from spine!  It's real - see the swelling!!
I had been going to pain management for several years; getting pain medications, injections, anything that I thought could help I tried.  My question is: Can't she be held responsible for medical malpractice?  I got really sick from not having my medication.
Went back to my shoulder doc yesterday. He did a x Ray since i had not had one. I had MRI last quarter of 2017. Well it seems as though i will need some bone removed. He said there is bone on bone rubbing in clavicle. Possibly have to reroute bicep tendon. He agrees that this is probably why i have had so much neck problems as well. Not looking forward to this but ready to get behind me. Been  dealing with this too long.
Hi PM, I saw the post about
I found out that I have arthritis in my lower back. My doctor wants to do the epidural steroid injection to see if it helps. If that does not work, then he will do that procedure where the numb the nerves. I'm pretty sure the injection will help, my back pain is not too terrible. I have tried physical therapy and it only worked for a short period of time. Maybe because I did not continue with the exercises, but my back pain seems to be on and off all the time. It just recently became worse, to where I can not stand more than 5 minutes without pain, and sitting more than 30 minutes hurts. And has this worked for you? What should I expect? Is there anything I need to ask my doctor, or even tell my boss?
I am off my meds after 21 years. Pump, stimulator never worked. C1 right and axial tendon tear. I tapered 3 months from 580mg morphine sulphate ir. To 7.5 4tig. 2 weeks and still chills pls cramps. Bowels are better but my question is  the continual small amount of red blood. This has been an issue from start but at what point is a concern. Pain surprisingly tolerable.
Hi All,Health nut, fit, active my whole life....before
In addition to the 7 day limit on initial opioids prescript
My surgery was January 8th, a little over 4 weeks. I went back to my dr.for my 2 week check,  he schedule me to come back February 20th, but I had a few stiches hanging out, that was the 6th of February. At this apt. I was given the ok to get rid of the collar, return to work drive, and return to the gym, with a lifting restriction of 15lbs. But my question is, do anyone here still have trouble sleeping? My neck seems to hurt during my sleep. I wake up in some pain.
Husband has Medtronic pain pump with morphine new doctor wants to add bupivacaine, has anyone had that combination.
Not aspirin. But on another forum here there has been information posted about
I have had very mild and bearable burning pain at the end of my urethra for a 10 days now. It occurs after urination and fades after an hour. I had a urine test and no infection was detected.The whole thing seemed to start a week and a half ago when I peed awkwardly (closed off the stream suddenly). Could this have caused it?
I am nearly 7 weeks post of an ulnar nerve transposition of my left elbow. My ulnar nerve was severely pinched and subluxing causing severe pain during pressing exercises and triceps such as bench press and push ups. I got the surgery to prevent any further nerve damage and allow myself to lift comfortably, but I have no developed snapping of the triceps tendon post op. The Dr. told me this should go away on its own as I begin lifting and break down the scar tissue. I highly doubt this will go away and the snapping pain now is just as bad as it was before surgery. Has anyone experienced similar symptoms post op of an ulnar nerve transposition? If this doesn't go away within the next few months I will go get it checked out and find a way to fix this.
Hi All 
Hi, my rib pain started about an Orthopedic doctor but I'm not sure what to do.  Any ideas would be much appreciated.
Hi I am new to this forum so excuse me if I share too much .Praying someone here could just offer support
I recently went to the pharmacy I use Walgreens. They told me my patches I usually get there each month was on back order and they didn't know when they would be getting them again. They also said they contacted other pharmacies and they were not sure I would find Fentyl 75 mcg anywhere. I was very frightened. I've been on them a long time and my life depends on them. I was suicidual before getting relief. I can't imagine being back there again. Does anyone have any info on this. I live in homestead Fl area. :  
Ive been having left upper ab pain and pain directly into my back in the center and left as well. Accompanied with nausea vomiting 3-4 times a week and constant burping and regurgitation. Stool has been lighter than normal as well. Vitamin d is low as well even though i take 5000iu a day. This has been happening for almost 2 years. Ive had ct scans and ultrasounds that were clear and incidentally found mild fatty liver. Also had a upper endoscopy and colonoscopy which came out good aside from barretts esophagus. They think its my gallbladder but nothing shows up on scans. Im getting a hida scan in one week because the dr says some people have left pain instead of right with gall bladder issues. Is this correct? Has anyone had a hida scan that showed problems after blood tests and ct scans come back negative? Could i have a chronic gallbladder problem for 2 years?
I am curious to know if anyone has tried essential oils for chronic pain and inflammation?12/14, SCS implant
Hi everyone,   I am having sharp, stabbing pain on the lower back right side of head that radiates across my head. I am also having some dizziness too.  I have been told that my shoulder muscles are very tight and tense. Didn't know if this could be associated with this.
Hi all,p.s. A few weeks ago, I found a supplement alternative to benzodiazepines too.  My PM won't allow benzodiazepines for anyone on opioids (due to the FDA back-box warning).  He has, though, oked the alternative I found, even though it has the same mechanism of action.  I don't want to post here, though, as it will distract from the above.  But google around.  I often have trouble getting to sleep due to anxiety and it works as well as xanax for me.
I have struggled with chronic pain for the past 4 years as a result of a pinched nerve in my neck. I have had constant muscle spasms ever since. I have tried many different things including acupuncture, chiropractor, acupuncture, therapy, epidural injection, cortisone injection, working out, diet changes etc. I have gotten into a tricky cycle where I can't tell if my pain is causing anxiety, or if anxiety is causing pain. With that being said my mom has recommended that I give hypnosis a try. 
Hi All,I'd like to possibly talk with some of you with similar issues.  This looks like a great site to be a part of!!
I've had spasms for a long time, mostly in my legs, but in the last few days it's suddenly gotten severe, waking me up and nearly throwing me out of bed in the morning.  Getting up and moving was horrible, but the only way to get spasms under control enough to get . post-polio, but it hits 30 to 50 years or more after  the disease, and other family members are suffering from it.  It's known to cause spasms.
Hello! I work for an organization seeking to redefine how pain is viewed and treated in the future. To help shape our understanding of pain and inform our approach to impacting pain care, we are reaching out to members of pain support communities to learn more about
Hey there,
Ever since the FDA put a black box warning on mixing opioids and Benzodiazepines, my PM has required patients on the former to stop using the latter.s, etc..
Lost job in professional video field as a result of chronic to severe pain from Ulnar Nerve Compression.Can’t find a Dr. here that will operate on a neuroma like area of a nerve and everyone warns agains a revision reiease.
Continuing on from my spasm post I'll highlight this one in my &quot;Do Not Tolerate&quot; list.
Has anyone been diagnosed with arachnoiditis but had basically zero pain? His second idea seems even more unlikely -- CRPS.Thanks for any input!
It’s been one week since hopefully my last shoulder surgery. I returned to ortho today for follow up. I had stitches removed from the five little holes. Everything looked good. Said this will be about12/14, SCS implant
In addition to my PCP, I've been to dentists, dental specialists, an oral surgeon, 3 neurologists, a therapist and a psychiatrist.  No one has been able to help me.  Oxtellar, gabapentin, Lyrica, etc. have had no effect.  I was already taking Lamictal for depression.  I have had this pain continuously for over 5 years.  I understand that there is no definitive diagnostic test for BMS.  I have tried yoga and meditation with very limited results.  Distraction is the only thing that helps.  I was just wondering if anyone else has found a med that provides some relief or a way to deal with this condition that I might not have already tried.
I have been strugling with issues with my thyroid levels, my A1c, liver issues, so my primary dr sent me to an endocrinologist to get my levels all good. While discussing my past history meds, surgeries, etc. I hop on the table and sit back andshe calmly asks me if anyone has talked to me about it right now. Because she thinks it has plenty of blood flow due to my weight.  Well I AM WORRIED. Especially because of the issues I have listed above.  I want to run back to my primary, or should i see a specialist. Wait like she said? Maybe she wants me to wait until she gets all my blood issues resolved... i have this feeling of dread like im a ticking bomb.
well hello everyone. thought i'd stop by to say hi and an update. i hope that everyone is doing as well as can be and a prayer for one and all for any kind of relief from the aches and pains.wishing you all a good day and healthier tomorrows..
Hey there,
Just wanted to say hello to everyone! I have learned tons from this site!Joe
I'm a guitar player and developed trigger finger on my left hand index finger. I went trough the injections that did nothing. After a year I decided to get surgery. But I told the doctor that I didn't think the finger was catching in my palm but up father in the finger. But he was very insistent and ensured me this would fix me up and I would be playing guitar up to speed in no time. NOT!Joe
Hi just wondering if anyone has experienced bilateral sciatica?  In December I had abdominal surgery which unfortunately resulted in nerve damage which left me sitting more frequently than I am use to.  Over the last few weeks I have been experiencing nerve pain basically pins and needles sensations with tingling in both my legs.  Sitting also hurts as also have pain in my bottom.  My CT showed degenerative disk disease at L4-5 and S1.  I have GP appt on Monday but just wondering if anyone else has experienced this and did it resolve?
hi all been a bit. dx carpal tunnel. legs feet need nerve test. endo no tocant see on ph. be good everyone.
Hi i Just get my mri result with was normal. They say my headache is cause my my NF1
I have a question, I am a long time subutex user and am prescribed 30 8mg pills per month.  My doctor is very relaxed about is simply dated for 3/22/18 and i will go in on 3/19/18.
Hi everyone,P.S.  With my other supplements (Agmatine and Tianeptine), still am pain-free much of the day.  I just took a week off Tianeptine to see what would happen --  somewhat more pain, and mood was definitely down.
For Decent Chair at Outside events, make Bookings with Jiffy Jon
Hi everyone.  Back in December I had abdominal surgery which resulted in inguinal nerve damage.  I wasn't able to stand for a few minutes without severe pain.  I have finally gotten that under control and a few weeks ago started having nerve pain in buttocks down the back of my thighs, around the front just above the knee and down both calves.  My bottom feel as if I am sitting on two knots.  Do you have any suggestions.  My last CT scan revealed l4-5 l5-s1 degenerative disc disease with vacuum space phenomenon and disc space narrowing.  These symptoms have me really scared. I am going to doctors today and I want an MRI ordered.
Hi to one and all:
Hi!  I am newer to this site & need to know if someone else is having the same pain as I am.So tired of the pain.    Help
I am having a 7 level fusion in May.  I am looking for ideas on how to best help myself during recovery (especially the first 3 months).  I have heard some scary stories (like you can't wipe your own butt!   Thanks so much!
Great, mslesalee! I’m happy to be of help. I was so relaxed and confident going into surgery that it made it easier on both the Drs and myself. The Peggy Huddleston book turned out to be a godsend. I will be forever grateful to the friend who recommended it. (She had a major hip and pelvis reconstruction and told me about- 7-level C3-T2 posterior cervical laminectomy and fusion; with titanium hardware: 2 rods, 14 screws 2015
is there a chronic pain live chat room on this site?
This has been posted in the Heart Forum, just wanted to also put it here where I spend more time, even though it does not qualify as Chronic Pain-thankfully!! Does anyone have experience with this? There are a very few others who reported having it on the Heart Forum. Thankful for my husband of nearly 50 years
I saw that someone else posted here aboutAny feedback is welcome.
I haven't posted in a while. For the last two years, I have been plagued by SOMETHING. My symptoms are throbbing, hurting and burning everywhere I have an injury. Back, foot, joints. I had a bad car wreak 4 yrs ago. I've just been diagnosed with cysts on my overies and everything hurts the same way. I had a septoplasty in Jan. They gave me iv fluids and antibiotics. I felt pretty good for 2 months. I was even able to wean down from 20mgs of baclofen to 5 mgs. All the burning was gone and pain was more tolerable. Then the burning and throbbing started creeping back in, untill it was the same. I had to increase the baclofen up to 10 mgs. My nose even started stopping up again to where I couldn't even tell that septum had been fixed. I felt like something was wrong with my body, so I started taking antibiotics. After 5 days I am starting to feel better. My nose is clear again. I don't know what is wrong with me. I also get to where I cant sleep. I will go for days without sleeping. When I get like that, sleeping pills don't work. At ALL. It is a vicious cycle. Get better, then 2 or 3 moths later I have to take antibiotics. It sounds like some kind of infection, but I don't know where. I thought it might be some kind of autoimmune disease but my primary care Dr did bloodwork and nothing showed up. Does ANYONE have any ideas? I am aboutCar wreak on 12/16/13. Broke back. L2-L4 fusion with hardware. Crushed R heel bone and broke three toes. Pilon fracture. Broke R leg. Foot and leg have hardware. Fractured L knee. Broke nose and almost tore nose off. Concussion. Have a limp due to so much damage to right foot, arthritis, bursitis, SI joint problems and back problems, due to wreak. BUT I am blessed to be here.
greetings one and all. first i'd like to wish everyone a happy easter and hope we're all doing as well sorry so long but any advice would be greatly appreciated..thank you..mark
Hello, all.  Fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, discectomy L4-L5 - (w/lots of Sciatic Nerve damage), frozen shoulder, Hashimoto's Thyroiditis,  IBS, migraine, dizziness (mostly from visual stimuli), elevated liver enzymes, tachycardia, hearing loss (probably Menieres).
Hello everyone,Jodi
PN.  Wanted to talk to a guy who has had PNE surgery.  Had surgery in 2010 after 37 years of wrong diag.  Nerve was a mess with lots of scar tissue.  Thinking of cryoblation stuff.  Any ideas.  I'm still in lots of pain, with NO life at all!
Hi Everyone,
I Got to meet some amazing woman at the Reno expo today for our CBD , both with auto immune illnesses. I rubbed our pain balm all over there back and gave them CBD orally to try. They came back to our booth later , and they felt amazing🤗 with less pain and anxiety. To me that’s success! I’m so happy to help others! That’s all ever wanted to do! I feel for all our struggles we go through! This illness! ANY ILLNESS really wears us down mentally and physically! I’m proud to be a part of a CBD company that has helped all my issues!!  I myself have Lyme and battles Lyme disease for 10 years now! Now I have found something that has given me more pain free days, more energy and more clarity! And I hope I can help others!! Even my Lyme dr here in town refers to our product!
Hello Everyone, Parateach
Hello all, I am new to the community and have been dealing with chronic pain for aboutThanks so much!
Has anyone had the trigger finger release surgery and still experiencing pain a year-2 years later?? I had the surgery on my right thumb 2 years ago and have been battling with almost constant pain since. My thumb no longer &quot;catches&quot; but some part of my thumb pretty much stays swollen.**Any advice at all is greatly appreciated!!!
Hi everyone found this forum and was wondering if anyone has any advice for the past 4 months I’m having problems sleeping because of a deep ache I have in my inner groin and outer hip area I’m on my feet walking quite a bit during the day and I don’t have a sendatory lifestyle but I’m jst worn out with this pain at night has anyone any advice as to what it could be I’ve not seen a doctor I was hoping it would jst go away as quick as it appeared but it’s dragging on now and taking me down with it thanks for any help or advice guys I’m really great full to all of you
I was recently diagnosed with PS and have been doing the stretches as recommended by my Dr. It’s been 3 months and I really don’t notice much of a difference. I’ve tried Ted’s Pain Cream, self-massage, and just a few days ago invested in a TENS device. I’ve used it 2x and it seems to provide some temporary relief. Does it give any long term relief? I have trouble sitting, walking, and sleeping because of the pain and discomfort in the top of my right buttock. I have an appt. with Physical Medicine in a week and am hoping they’ll be able to help me. I’m very tired of being inactive because of PS. Thanks in advance for any advice!- 7-level C3-T2 posterior cervical laminectomy and fusion; with titanium hardware: 2 rods, 14 screws 2015
I'm usually prescribed hydrocode with butrans latch. Recently a nurse gave me my new Rx for hydrocodone and told me they will be decreasing the dose by 10 every month till I'm off due to new &quot;black box label warnings on prescribing a short acting narcotic with long acting.Anyone heard if the &quot;black box label&quot; ??
G'morning everybody. well i'm hoping someone might be able to help with this one. normally i don'tis there anything my family doctor might be able to help..
So I’m nearly 3 years in to receiving disability and I received a rather large envelope in the mail in. It was a letter informing me that my disability is up for review. I called to find out if this was just normal review as I thought that was every 4-7 years and I was told no that someone filed a report that I was no longer disabled approximately 6 months ago. They have been investigating me for 6 months. So I go on to say what does that mean you have been watching me because you will see that besides picking up my children bc I have no one else that can until my son turns 16 or until we see if his hardship comes through first I have to pick them up they go to school out of the district out due to bullying issues which I’m sure is who reported me is the superintendent. I got the school in trouble with the Dept of Ed guess this is my payback. Other than that I go to the doctor monthly sometimes more if I need to and I go to church you will see me do nothing else. They said observations is some of the ways they get their facts, medical records which they have been unable to obtain bc I haven’t signed the papers they which I will I just received it and combing through my previous approval. Now mind you I did get approved within 2 months which is unheard of normally. I had 6 back surgeries and had severe nerve damage were my sciatic nerve was nearly cut in 2. The nerve damage has left me needing lots of pain meds but I’m not as bad as the day I got approved. I am walking without a walking however I do fall often due to the nerve damage. On top of it all I’ve since been diagnosed with depression but it was literally the day this was sitting in the mail. I start counseling next week as I feel like a big burden to my family. Should I worry about this review? Is the review as tough as the approval process?
So I couldn’t find an answer on previous CBD threads so I apologize if this has been answered but I’ve been considering using CBD oil or gummy’s without THC but the pure kind and was wondering if it will show up on a urine or blood drug screen? I have to take a urine drug screen monthly at my pain management dr and if it shows positive they give you the option to get a blood test. I’ve never had to even do that I’ve just heard them discussing it with others but I don’t want any drug whatsoever showing up as I’ve used my pain management for 6 years and built a good relationship with them. I don’t want any of them to think I’ve turned to drugs when it’s just CBD oil or gummy’s and nothing I’m getting a fix off of. I doubt even if THC showed positive they would say anything butI don’t do it and I don’t want it to show up as though I do. As for those that do no judgement please don’t take it that way I just don’t want it to show in my urine.
A little background first. about
Kể đến các sản phẩm sữa dành cho trẻ sơ sinh thì không thể bỏ qua dòng sữa Similac của thương hiệu sữa Abbott Hoa Kỳ. Trong đó, sữa similac advance là một sản phẩm được nhiều mẹ lựa chọn cho bé nhà mình với mong muốn bổ sung thêm chất đề kháng và các chất dinh dưỡng cho bé. 
Hi,The medicines I'm on are: 25mg Methotrexate, 2700mg Gabapentin, 10mg Folic Acid, 5mg prednisone,
Hello!Any advice is appreciated!
Shoulder surgery was Feb 22. I am still in pt. I have had some aggravating pain in my hand; wrist and forearm. It’s kind of painful around base of thumb and center of palm. It’s so aggravating that in pt we have to use a band with hands rather than then elastic bands. They really hurt it. I keep thinking it’s just something to do with pt. Maybe when i am done it will stop. Should i mention this to ortho?  Evrytime i have something done they say your full of inflammation or the report reads osteoarthritis. I know i have this in my shoulders; neck and back. My neck has still not let up any. I have ice pack, heating pad, neck pillow, back pillow, stool for feet and new Serta desk chair just to try make each day at work. Also take meds through out day. Not sure how i will make it to 67. 😩12/14, SCS implant
Hello,What should my next step be should I have someone take a look at the health of the nerve?
New to the forum, so i am checking in to say hi!Having surgery on 3 levels in the 22nd, not really looking forward to it but such is life. What's really is i won't be able to return to my line of work.
Hello everyone. I am currently in the waiting period for an MRI of my wrist/hand to check for soft tissue damage from an old injury. However, since being placed in a brace the pain has been unbearable when it is out of the brace. Even in the brace, it is still very painful at times. Does anyone have any recommendations?
I have been ill for over a year now. I have constant joint pain (knees, ankles, fingers), muscle aches, chest pain, and abdominal pain. I have had elevated CRP and ESR since the onset, and a CT of my sternum (which is where the pain started) showed degenerative changes to the manubiosternal joint. Labs haven't really found much else (RF negative, ANA negative, anti-CCP negative, celiac negative). NSAIDs do nothing, but steroids have helped, but only on short term trials. After sending me to a bunch of other specialists (who found nothing), Rheumatology has decided I have some kind of autoimmune disease and I have been started on sulfasalazine. Anyone have symptoms like this and been diagnosed as autoimmune? What kind of autoimmune causes these symptoms?
Ok. I am having a major panic attack. I can't get a refill on my pain medicine because the pharmacy claims it is too soon to refill. I am going to be out of this soon and I need it!I also had an MRI in my lower back to see if it was a pinched nerve. MRI came back showing arthritis but no pinched nerve. So that explains my back pain.
After what feels like an eternity (what was really only a week and a half) I finally got the approval for the MRI of my wrist from my insurance company!Here's hoping that the MRI reveals something that is fixable! Fingers crossed!
My 17 year old son has had chronic abdominal pain for years.  We just finished another round of testing to include labs, CT scans of pelvis and abdominal, colonoscopy, endoscopy and the camera pill.   All tests are normal.  His symptoms seem to match up with UC or Crohns or something along this line, yet no test is showing anything.  We've tried changes to diet and several medications, the latest being prilosec.  Thanks for any input.
Greetings,Migraines, cervicogenic headaches,hysterectomy, melanoma
Hi guys, I’m wondering if anyone can give me any help! I’ve spent the last two years suffering with extreme pain, in December I was finally operated on and had my left ulnar nerve released and repositioned! I had no follow up appointments or physio planned by the hospital and unfortunately suffered with the same pain post surgery so I organised to see my surgeon and today was the day! First of all it was the worst hospital appointment I’ve ever experienced, as soon as I walked in and explained I was still in pain my surgeon told me there was nothing more that he could do and it would now be a case of dealing with chronic pain for the rest of my life basically! I’m 24 years old and this seems like such a crazy outcome, I’m so surprised that he’s laid this  on the table before even considering any alternative investigations into it! I’ve had no nerve tests done EVER the only thing they’ve done is an MRI 2 years ago.. I’ve asked to be referred for a second opinion which is in 7 weeks time but any advice would be much appreciated.
Bio: Hello, I'm Jim. I'm 28 and I live near Tampa, Florida. I'm seeking help with regards to eye pain. I've had constant pain behind both eyes for as long as I can remember; 8+ years. I cannot cope well with life like this anymore 
A little while ago, I made a thread on this forum asking aboutDoes any of this sound like something that could be caused by vitamin deficiency? I'm getting a blood test in a couple of weeks, but I want to know what other people here think.
I've been taking lyrica for two months, so if I do have fibro, I'm really concerned aboutI was given the 50,000 IU pills, which I'll be taking once a week. I don't see why it wouldn't be D3, but I'll check.
Hi everyone, I have about it. Shouldn't be smoking but I'm trying to ease up. I've rambled long enough for now. I'll be here a lot next couple months while recovering. Thanks in advance for your help!
My very good hand surgeon, who did 3 trigger fingers for me,  told me I would be able to use my hand 3 days after  this palm pain and weakness.  What happened to the 3 day being able to use my hand?
After two months of dealing with a hand surgeon and trying to steroid shots (much to my dismay, but insurance requires them), it is looking like I will have to have at least a debridement done for my TFCC and the surrounding area. Sometimes I just want to escape to a tropical island with my dogs...
I don't know a lot of the lingo, but I'll do my best.
This is Ridiculous after one month and all the crap I've heard from different Neurologists and Hand Surgeon's is amazing. Has anyone else had this anterior interosseous nerve transfer done in the forearm after Ulnar nerve entrapment?  and please share their progress?
I was diagnosed with adhesive arachnoiditis a few months ago and would like to know if anyone has tried CBD for pain and if so does it work?  Tramadol isn't very effective and Im just coming out of a bad 3 day flareup now!  Thanks
Well I had my acdf procedure on Tuesday.Surgeonsaid it was text book.I feel like I've been beaten with a very large bat. But what I think is the worst is the reflux! I've never had it this bad ever.no matter how little I eat if I bend over slightly the contents come back up. Please tell me this gets better!
I have posted a few times before but since my last post I decided to get the pain pump. The surgeon couldn’t get the catheter placed conventionally because of my unique anatomy. So he had to do a laminectomy on one of my lumbar vertebrae but I’m not sure which one yet. Thoughts?
So I finally had a doctor tell me I have neuropothy in my feet. Well I recently had bloodwork done which sent me over the the cancer center. The doctor there was the one to tell me yup you for sure have neuropothy, no idea why no one will tell you this. But of course there is no answer as to why I have it. Thankfully he did not think I had cancer he thinks my platelets were high because of all the pain I am in. Anyways, has anyone else been diagnosed with neuropothy but seem to have no cause? I am not diabetic. But this seems to be getting worse. I am going to UT Soutwestern next because they are medical researchers and I am hoping they will give me the time of day to figure out what is going on. I can't stand the pain anymore, I still have to work! And it seems to be spreading. Ugh.
T12 - L1: Unremarkable.I’ll write more in my next post. Thanks for any good words!
I am looking through the dozens and dozens of TENS units on the market and can't find what I want without spending hundreds of dollars.   Here is what I am looking for:Anybody got one to recommend???
Hi this is my first time posting in here. This is what I'm going through. I've had five back surgeries due to scoliosis since 2013. I have Hardware from L4 L5 to t7. I've been with my p.m. since 2016. My doctor was recently audit and I guess that's the word I'm looking for and there were 20 patients that were flagged for taking too much medication. I was on a 150 mcg of Fentanyl and 8 mg of Dilaudid every 4 hours. The DEA is making them take everyone off of their fentanyl patches the only way you can have fentanyl patch is if you have cancer. I've already been titrated down to 75 mcg a fentanyl patch. They're going to go in increments of 25 until I'm completely off of it and then they're going to cut my Dilaudid down to 4 milligrams every 4 hours. I don't know what I'm going to do I will be in bed crying cuz I will be in so much pain. One time I went a day without a patch and I ended up in the emergency room. I don't know what I'm going to do about my situation and they said a lot of people have been calling in with people in my predicament. But they didn't know what else to do. I'm from San Antonio Texas.
NOTE - I removed names/links to the physical therapist I've used to avoid the perception that I'm selling something.  Since PM's are not possible on this forum, if you respond to this thread with an email address then I will reach out with who I worked with.
Greetings!Migraines, cervicogenic headaches,hysterectomy, melanoma
Two days ago, I called the dermatologists office where I was scheduled to have surgery to remove basal cell carcinoma from my forehead, to explain that I have a pain management contract and only my p.m. can prescribe for me.It's Friday!  I don't even know if I'll be able to get a hold of my p.m. office tomorrow.  AARRGGHH!!
The problem began in September of 2013 when I had a constant stinging pain on the bottom of my baby toe, left foot. Walking and standing really aggravated it. It was always concentrated in the baby toe ONLY. Never any further back on the foot, never up the leg or into the back.Thanks for reading.
My son in CA has hit bottom with a Repetitive Stress Injury that the Mayo clinic in AZ diagnosed as myofascial pain syndrome in January. (they can only treat the pain at this point and had no advice for us)If anyone can comment on any of these areas (treatment or workman's comp) we are completely out of options.
Hello everyone. I had an ankle arthroscopy 4 weeks ago due to an Impingment, stifdness and pain. My ortho cleaned out a lot of soft/scar tissue because i sprained my ankle 2 yrs ago. Before the surgery, im experiencing ankle pain and stiffness first thing in the morning or after period of inactivity like sitting. Then after few steps, the pain will ease and disappear. It tends to ease with movment. Now that its been 4 weeks already after arthroscopy. My ankle is still stiff/painful today (after period of inactivity) Is this normal? The pain when i dorsiflex is now gone, but the stiffness is still here. Im being paranoid now i thought that this will fix the stiffness/pain in the morning. Iknow this is not plantar because the pain is not on the heel side. Its more on the inside ankle. Is this somekind of arthritis? Please help. Thank you very much for your reply
Hi all,Current medication: Olanzapine 10mg, Nortriptyline 50mg, Pregabalin 400mg & Esomeprazole 20mg
Hello, I was injured on the job last year. A 15Ton winch came apart and struck me in the leg that caused a  the twitching and sudden jerks from my legs and want to know if it will get better or worse. Is it possible the goin pain is associated with the back? Please, any thoughts because my doctor will not explain and I and trying to get a second opinion.
Hello! I am new to this forum. I have an appt  with my neurosurgeon in a couple of days to discuss my upcoming ACDF surgery. I am quite anxious because it is 4 levels. Can anybody suggest questions I need to ask my surgeon? Thanks so much!
I was searching for an article that I downloaded in a .pdf format last year and found this wonderful article. It's a little old, published in the April 2005 issue of the Journal of Arthritis &amp; Rheumatism, but I thought it gave an excellent explanation of all the processes involved in pain. It also gets into&nbsp;the processes involved in turning regular pain into chronic&nbsp;pain.This is exactly why I think it's so important that those of us suffering with joint/back pain that is not being effectively treated by our Rheumies or Orthos&nbsp;need to seek help from a qualified Pain Mgmt Doc.
Phooey! I got into the entire article last night without a subscript
I don't really understand what happened, but I got into the full article last night and early this morning. Ducky, on the Arthritis Forum got into it too and hten suddenly, neither of us could access it. I poked around and found that although it sayd you can purchase the full article for $25, you can also do a free registration to access it. The whole process takes less than 3 minutes and it's really worth it.
Keah, thanks for always looking into to stuff that benefits us all.&nbsp; You have such an awesome attitude and always make me smile when I read your posts.&nbsp; I only hope to have such a great outlook on life as you do!!
  &nbsp;Awww shucks BaseballMom, you've made me blush! LOL

At the very least, call the doc that suggested the bone scan.  He could very well have simply forgotten to tell the staff to make the arrangements.  Docs are still human beings and can forget things.  Sorry you're having such an awful time.  :-(
So due to pain I couldn't sleep last night, got up took some pain medication, had a snack (makes the meds kick in quicker for some reason), stayed up till 3am-ish, then went to bed. 
I've had very real dreams about
Ohhhhhh I'm sooo glad I'm not the only one. I'm having an MRI Monday, and last nite I dreamed I had 3 or 4 ruptured disc and the doctor wanted to operate right there in his office.&nbsp; Soooo Monday is not going to be a good day, can tell it aready. LOL
Hi Guys (and gals)I hope everyone is doing well. My pain has been horrible, but I had a great visit with my doc yesterday, and got it all figured out.
I am so glad to hear that you passed a major step towards your master's degree.  It is great that you were able to accomplish such an impressive goal while battling non-stop pain and continuous health set backs. As a fellow pain sufferer, I know that you must have had to work twice as hard as the other students to meet your accomplishments.  It is so hard to study, read, research and write when pain has the best of you.  We are all proud of you.
Hey Rehabnurse - so good to know you are back on here.&nbsp; I have missed reading your posts.&nbsp; Congrats also on your exam.&nbsp; How much longer until you finish with your Master's degree?&nbsp; I have often thought about going back for mine just so I could teach nursing but......maybe one of these days!&nbsp; Anyway, glad you are back!
Hello Rahab nurse.
Hello to all, I tried to wait to take my pain meds today, sometimes I cannot stand the thought that I need meds to get through my day.&nbsp; The pain hit me hard at work and I just wanted to get outside of myself.&nbsp; I decied to take my narcs to be able to have relief.&nbsp; Sometimes I think that I can think my way through the pain and tell myself it is not there, but it is always there aahhh.&nbsp; I know you all deal with it too, I am just not dealing well today.&nbsp; I hope that all of you are.&nbsp; Thanks for listening.

Tracey,Crystal



Hi Great,
Hi-I post regularly on the Crohn's Disease meaage board.&nbsp; I am going through the diagnosis of Endometriosis.&nbsp; I am in excruciating pain.&nbsp; It is wors during my period.&nbsp; I have had two children (one with no pain meds) and have had severe Crohn's Disease for years.&nbsp; This acute pain I am feeling in my entire pelvice region is probably the worst pain I can remember.&nbsp; It hurts so bad and radiates down my legs and around my hips an lower back.&nbsp; The Gyn. I am seeing says I'm "not a good candidate" for surgery b/c of the CD.&nbsp; She wants to try me on different meds to see what will work.&nbsp; I don't want to go down that road again.&nbsp; I have done that most of my life. I just want to get rid of this and move on.&nbsp; I am frustrated.&nbsp; She is a new Dr. to me.&nbsp; I had my first appt. she did lots of tests and an Ultrasound to rule out other things.&nbsp; She said if I didn't have CD, she would have just sent me straight to the hopital for surgery b/c my pain is soooo bad.&nbsp; THEN, she schedules my follow up for three weeks later!!&nbsp; Are you kidding me??&nbsp; Any advice would be great...meds? surgery? Please respond I am at a total loss...I feel sort of blind sided by this new condition.
Dawn,
yes and double yes find a different Dr.&nbsp; I had it too and suffer from a chronic illness and Me being in my 50s I had a totally hysterectomy. This can be serious so please find another Dr. I had no problems from recovery or anything . Still have my chronic illness . best wishes
Hi Dawn.
luvdogs gave you some really great info!  I also found The Endometriosis Sourcebook to be very helpful as well - get it.  
Hi Dawn -
I have an appointment on Monday with a new Dr.  He is not an OB and specializes in Endometriosis.  Listen to this...he had me scheduled for Wednesday but was asked to join in an emergency cancer surgery in a patient of another Dr. Anyway, his office called yesterday and said that they had to cancel my appointment, BUT, he is 
Hi to all,
With some pre-nursing prerequisites already under your belt, why not look into getting a medical transcript
Okay, I have been suffering horrible migraines for 7 1/2 months, from whiplash. I am sure you have read about my story so I won't get into it. I am not a druggy, as none of you are, but lately my pain has gotten worse instead of better, despite all of my treatment. I hae a follow-up appointment today from the medical procedure where they burned my nerve endings. I want to ask for stronger medication, both pain and muscle relaxers. 
I wish I could offer some decent advice for you.  When I had migraines for a couple of years, they were hormone-driven so the triptan meds worked great for me.  Narcotics actually made them worse.  There are certainly plenty of other meds to try, and most pain docs don't appreciate you coming in and saying, &quot;I want to try drug x.&quot;  Just tell the doc the current meds aren't working and throw the decision in his court.
&nbsp;Sounds like you might have Chiari Malformation . Here is a site that tells about it. Make sure they do a MRI of your neck and thorastic region.

Hi,
I should have let you all know that I am also on Topamax. That was the first thing they put me on. Then they put me on Cymbalta for nerve pain and depression. Then Skelaxin for the muscle relaxant. When none of that worked, including the Relpax and OTC stuff, that is when they tried the vicaden.
Hello everyone,

Thank you so much for your kind words afloat :) I actually have been having the radio frequencies for years and yes, they do provide some relief, however they have stopped being as effective for as long as they were. My pain doctor is wonderful and suggested looking into this surgery so that I did not have to go through something all of my life that was not very effective. How are they working for you? Many people get prolonged relief and I really hope you are one of them!! Please take care and I will keep you posted and you please do the same...25 years old, living in Cleveland, Chronic abdominal wall pain due to nerve entrapment. I have&nbsp;IBS-D and neuropathy. Gall bladder removed, failed exploratory nerve surgery, pancreatitis, several hospitalizations for IBS flareups. Medications: Questran, Align, Ambien, Percocet, Thiamine, Zyrtec-D
I'm not sure if this is the appropriate forum for this, but it does cause me chronic pain!
Jess, I had one large cyst from which they drained 2.5 liters of fluid. By the time they got me to the OR, there was nothing left of my ovary to save, so I lost that entire ovary and the tube too. I have not yet tried to get pregnant but am hoping to do so this year. My GYN doesn't seem to think I'll have any problem.
I have heard of a lot of people having an ovary removed, especially if your history show cyst favoring one side most of the time. My problems is sometimes, it rotates every other month which ovary chooses to develop a cyst. But usually its only my left side.DX-Migraines:Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome: 
I was born with hip dysplasia in my left hip and had 2 surgeries as a very small child to fix it. Over the last few years I've been having pain with my hips (both hips) and lately it has gotten a lot worse and has spread to my back. My orthopedist wants to try steroid shots in my left hip but I have never had one before.Thanks in advance!
Hi Lucia, I have an autoimmune form of inflammatory arthritis and I am not a stranger to steroid injections into many of my joints. As Mags said, they do usually give you the option of sedation for these injections, but I also opt not to use it. I've discovered that while there is some pain involved, it's not usually worth the groginess that comes after the sedation and it's more of a pain in the neck to have someone accompany me because they won't allow me to leave alone if I have sedation. 
Ok, thank you for your replies. I have an appointment this Thursday for the steroid shot. I'm nervous!
So I went to my follow-up with the anethesiologist with a few goals in mind: stronger pain medication, stronger muscle relaxer, MRI appointment, and a referral to a neurosureon. And I came out with only a stronger muscle relaxer, the Lidoderm Patch, and another follow-up appointment with him.
Boy do I understand.  I'm coming to the conclusing that Doctor's dont listen.  The doctor who did my surgery in April is nice.  My father in law is a doctor who referred me to see him, and he did really good on the surgery. But, the pain I'm having is coming back and I feel like I'm just a joke to this doctor. That there's nothing wrong, and well blah blah blah.  I just want to be told in plain english not doctor words what is going on.  Is it just inflamation, or scar tissue pressing up against my nerves or am I just bleeping crazy. So I've been crying off and on all day.  Everyone thinks I'm strong due to all the pain I had to deal with til I got the surgery, but I'm not, I just want to break down every time I turn around.  But anyway, I really wish you luck on getting help for your neck.Pain pain go away and never darken my door step again :)
Wow, not a good day for you - and of course the stress will only worsen the pain! It is a horrible cycle.

Thank you all for your responses! I truly appreciate it!
  
Read my post on my follow-up. I can relate. I felt my follow-up was a waste as well. I got no where with him. I too am in pain and instead of telling me why, he just went around in circles. And of course now I feel dumb because I had all these goals and plans and went in there and like forgot everything!
Thanks holmesla I had back surgery in April. it was L3 and L4 rupture disc.  There are times I could just scream and run and hide.  Hubbies father is a doctor and I'm gonna get him to look at the MRI for me.Pain pain go away and never darken my door step again :)


Thanks Afloat for the info... I'm going to take the MRI's to my father in law this weekend and let him look at them for me.  Hoping is just the scar tissue and he can give me some ideasPain pain go away and never darken my door step again :)
Thanks! 
What I am about to describe to you is something called, The Five Minute Energy Routine. In order for us to better understand I'll try to explain as much as I can, but this is really simple and will change your life. It did mine! Its a long post but worth the reading!!!
Glad this helps you. Any idea how much pain this causes someone with fibro?  Just pushing on those areas for me is very painful. Plus on that Thymus Gland...um, there's something in the way on me. ;-)
Okay...so I go to a new doctor..as my last one was ripping off my insurance..and put me through hell. After MORE xray's, he decides he also wants to do an MRI of my hip..an EMG(?), PT and more stuff. I figure okay, lets give it a try. Maybe he knows whats what. My other doctor was giving me Percocet 10/325. Now that did take the edge off the pain so i could actually do things during the day, (light cleaning up around here, cook and actually get a few hours sleep at night or when I could).&nbsp;This new doctor gave me Percocet 2 1/2 /325. I went to over 8 different drug stores, no one had it. They all said the same thing, thats the lowest dose that can be given and no doctor perscribes it. So after the 8 stores, I was getting very angry as it hurts me to sit in the car and drive around that long. I call the doctor back and asked if he could just switch it to something else that I would be able to get. He told me 'no' and I had to keep looking for drug stores until I found one that&nbsp; had it. Needless to say I was furious, so I called my neurologist and told her what he did...she gave me Hydrocodone 7.5-750 TAMCK, whatever that is. Anyway it seems to help. 
TJ - Wow, I'm so sorry. I can't believe they'd suddenly try to drop you down by such a large amoutn and then to refuse to scriptThe hydrocodone is the generic for Vicodin ES. I'm glad it's helping and hope that the next Doc you try willbe one who can really help you find relief.
TJ22 - what the pain doctor I am going to says is that the vicodin (what your taking's name brand name) is like percocet with refills.  I love the refill fact, but this stuff does not really help me much.
Thanks for the support guys :) I'm sorry for being so cranky, it's just that I am sick to death of being treated so horribly. It amazes me to no end. :/ That doc that gave me the script he gave me since it was useless to begin with and my neurologist gave me pain meds. 

Good Morning All,
Hi Tracey!
Hello  Hello Kitty!
Hi Tracey, I hope that you're doing well with the trammacet now. I used it in the name brand form, Ultracet. I seem to adapt to narcotics very easily, so I didn't have that much of a problem with it. The side effect I suffered was an inability to sleep, even while taking Ambien.


compizine gave me great leg cramps, panic feeling, crying, nervous, no fun. I'd rather throw up (even though after 7 days of vomitting I did suggest it). For somereason the Dr. I had had this problem with phenergan, which I think was one great med ever invented. some docs. think that Reglan/compazine is a sole treatment for Migraine....wrong! I just want to give every dcotor in this world ONE migraine that won't go away, just one.DX-Migraines:Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome: 
Trammacet is what they give out in the UK . Right???Syringomyelia T4-T10

Reglan Compazine and Thorazine are all part of group of drugs known as phenothiazines. I have had the same thing you all are describing you got from Reglan, but I got it from Compazine. I was extremely restless and I could not sit still no matter what and felt generally anxious and nervous for no reason in particular. These types of reactions are known as EPS, or Extrapyramidal Symptoms. Luckily my mom is a psych unit nurse and immediately recognized the symptoms I was having when she got home and saw me, because they use Thorazine and other phenothiazines like haldol and other antipsychotics very frequently on her ward. She also knew what makes them go away. 75mgs of benadryl did it perefectly for me just as she suggested. That could have been one of the most horrible feelings I had ever experienced in my life, I was very lucky to have her there to help me. If you experience these symptoms I would call your doctor for advice and never take that med again. Reglan is much less likely to cause this than Compazine Thorazine or even Phenergan but it still can, as many of you know. Try to take meds like these as infrequently as possible as, like a poster above mentioned, they have been known to cause permanent serious neurological damage, including a syndrome known as Tardive Dyskinesia (the one with involuntary facial movements, among many, many, other problems), this is not something you want to get, believe me.Hope everyone has good happy, feel good day!
Hello All

Hi Bob, I have been on robaxin, flexaril. skelaxin and soma. The soma's I have been on for about getting one if you don't already. My insurance picked it up, but the medical supply had told me if they wouldn't they would work out a payment plan. I also have massage therapy (helps a lot, I have huge knots all over my back from the muscle spasms) Hope this helps. Good luck!
There are several differnent muscle relaxers on the market today. The top 3 are Skelaxin, soma and flexeril. They are addictive and you shouldnt alter how you take them or you shouldnt just stop taking them because of the risk of seizures or withdrawal. These meds can cause sedation and its important to get used to it before you start driving. Muscle relaxers can interact with many medicines so let your pharmacist know all that you are on so that you are safe. Because these drugs cause sedation, they should be used with caution with other drugs that may also cause drowsiness. Some can lower your blood pressure too..Most often you just need to find a dose that is comfortable for you...and you will get used to the effects.. if you cant..its not the right med for you. Ive  been on muscle relaxers for years and it really does work well for pain management..added to the pain meds.
Heres the story, last month i started 3 10mg Oxycontin x2 a day for back and shoulder pain. The meds work well and have gotten me through summer school with a 3.0 GPA. The problem is my new Doc went of vacation and told me that he would be back by the beginning of August, and i would have a follow-up before my meds ran up, and he would contact me by the beginning of august at the very latest. Well here it is the 9th, and my script. Well in my untrusting nature i had a feeling this was going to happen, so i saved some pills when i could. I have 30 10mg pills left. Can anyone give me advice on how i should divide these up so i dont w/d hard. I am senesitive to the w/d symptoms, but since i've only been on for a month im assuming that the worst will be over in three days. Im glad i dont have to do this cold turkey. Any advice is appreciated, i know many of you dont have a Medical degree, however i trust the opinions of the people who use this medication rather than those who perscribe it....
i am not a doctor, but I am a RN with almost 15 years of experience. So take my suggestions as just that, my suggestions.Anyway, I'll shut up now. I would be more than happy to help you out as best as I can. As a fellow pain sufferer, I empathize greatly with those in pain.
Okay, the first thing I am going to tell you is only for your safety: PLEASE DON'T CUT THOSE IN HALF!!! Despite it ruining the time release (and they won't work for the 12 hours, it will rush into your system and then back out, causing harder w/d), you could overdose. PLEASE don't do this. Also, your doctor can release you from his care if he found out you did it. I don't want to sound judgemental here, cause I am not, I UNDERSTAND being young and being in pain. I've been in pain since I was 21, from a back injury lifting a patient. I didn't start opiate therapy until 5 years ago, and have been on chronic routine dosing for 3 years. I am only 30 now. So, I know. I know. And I am so sorry for you. My life has been ruined from this. No work, no money, legal problems due to no money, etc. It sucks. In addition, I would LOVE to talk to another &quot;younger&quot; person who has suffered with pain. I have not been able to find many out there. Please click on the link in my profile and email me and I will try to help in whatever way I can. Take care.
Ok, so I have been telling my pain management doctor that my meds are not working for at least the last 6 months, if not longer. I called him around 3pm on Wednesday, after a week of pain so high I couldn't tolerate it any longer, and his office couldn't be bothered returning my phone call. I wound up having to go to the ER, which I probably should have done earlier in the week. So on Thursday morning I decided to just make an appointment with him and talk to him face to face. At 4:30pm my cell phone rang, it was the nurse from his office (more than 24 hours after my call) and she says to me "oh, im sorry we didn't get back to you yesterday, we were very busy" my response was "yeah thanks, I wound up in the ER last night". She told me that the&nbsp;doctor said he doesnt want to give me anything else and that I should keep doing what I've been doing. Well, WHAT I'VE BEEN DOING ISN'T WORKING!!!!! I am so tired of having him tell me that. I told her I made an appointment with him and hung up. I think I've gotten over my nervousness abut talking to him b/c I'm just so mad that I'm ready to fire him. I got the name of another pain management doctor that my boss had seen &amp; liked. This is his last chance, I am done. If he doesn't do what I want him to do on Monday then I am going to go to another doctor b/c this is ridiculous. I tired to change once before but it&nbsp;it jsut confirmed all my fears about people who are getting 200 Roxy's or Oxy's a month and I can't even manage to get reasonable pain management for a legitimate condition. The US's medical system is SO MESSED UP! I think our new motto should be "Punish the Masses to Prevent the Few" because that's all we do. People who actually need narcotic medications can't get what they need b/c some people choose to abuse them. 
Carina-  HUGS  
I'm so sorry Carina!! This guy not only needs to be fired NOW, but write up the treatment he's given you..or should I say lack of treatments and send it to your local AMA or state medical board. No one should be treated like that.

Thanks for all your replies. I am definately NOT going to tell my pain doctor that this is his last chance but I will know it. I agree that it wouldn't be a smart move to let him know I was looking for a new doc, I don't want to have to deal with not being able to get my meds or treatment or&nbsp;anything. I made a list of things I want out of this appointment. I&nbsp;AM going to get through each one, I am NOT going to let him talk over or inturrupt me, and I WILL make him listen. I can't make him do anything about it but he will at the very least listen to me. 
Carina:&nbsp; Good Luck today and keep us updated.&nbsp; Stay strong!DX:&nbsp; Migraines since June, 2006, kidney stones
Carina, well how did it go? I was thinking about you today- hoping it went well. Give us an update! Shannon.
At least that's better news. BTW, that rotten ER nurse??? Write a short note to hospital admin and share that story. She'll get busted. I did that with some *$#ch that didn't care how she ran a mamogram machine. She got sent back for retraining. Bet she doesn't &quot;slam&quot; anyone ever again.
hmmm, thats weird. the lady i spoke with did recommend the tagederm. i didn't have any luck with the patch- i was also up to 50mcg. actually, i was nausiated more than anything. did you get your coupon? my pharmacist actually let me bring back the receipt with the coupon and refunded me the $30. i was quite happy about that! my dr switched me to: ms contin, percocet, soma, zoloft & amitritpylne (sp wrong) and i have had very little pain in almost a week now. maybe check into the amitryptiline. (sp wrong again) he said that depression & chronic pain go hand in hand- whether i showed it or not, and the leaflet that came with the rx even said it is often prescribed for depression & chronic pain. i feel a million times better. i never really thought i was the depressed type- but i guess i was. now i have all these other things going on- i feel so much better. i'm sorry it didn't work for you. i had high hopes for it too. there was an advertisement at my PM dr office & i would read it thinking- wow, this would be great for me. when he recommended it, i was so dissapointed. oh well... everyone is different. i have a huge tolerance to pain meds. well, i wish you the best with this! a lot of people may have some ideas for you. ask around. shannon.
Carina, is your doctor switching your patches out every 48 hours or every 72 hours?&nbsp; It is well documented that most people on the Duragesic patch need to change their patches every 48 hours instead of every 72 hours.&nbsp; Its pretty hard to get the patch to deliver a stream of medication for 72 hours.&nbsp; If not, you may want to ask your doctor to let you change your patches every 48 hours.&nbsp; When I took it, this worked for me.&nbsp; Otherwise, Fentora/Actiq are wonderful for controlling breakthrough pain w/ the patch.&nbsp; My Fentora works in as little as minutes.&nbsp; !~painKILLER
about two months ago I started with Cortisone steroids for my priformis syndrome in my right hip.&nbsp; I finished off my last injection on july 25th. Two hours after that injection, my entire left leg is in severe pain.&nbsp; From my knee to my toes (on the one side and on top), I have a numbness feeling. That numbness feeling is also in my right butt/hip.&nbsp; Just four days ago I started having fluid around and above my knee.&nbsp; 
Oh wow, this sounds so familiar. My first diagnosis was obviously a different dr- was told DDD. Then he left the office a new dr took over and told me it was my weight. (imagine my reaction) & basically accused me of drug-seeking. I moved to FL & rolled the dice. I didn't tell my new dr about any diagnosis. So, he started from scratch. He referred me to a pain clinic who did multiple tests, MRI, EMG, etc... low & behold I have L4 & L5 bulging discs, both sitting on nerves in both legs (though the left is by far worse) and 2 other things that I can't pronounce. :) I cried for 10 minutes when I got the diagnosis because I had convinced myself I was imagining the pain. I had been to chiropracters, acupuncturists, etc. My normal physician has made it clear he can not treat me for the chronic pain- & I understand. When they start prescribing this heavy meds- it raises a flag. Plus, they don't specialize in what you need. I have done the cortisone shots (the ones you are under anesthesia) I have had nerve blocks, etc. Temporary relief. Though a lady in pre-op said she had a nerve block done & was pain free (no meds) for over a year. I know it hurts a lot. It takes some time to find the right meds. Everyone is different. You need a good PM you can have a close relationship with. There are a lot of people in here with bulging/herniated disc issues. Some have really been through it. I have been on so many meds- its really scary. It does sound like what I go through, pain in my lower spine, sometimes ice helps. (or a hot bath) I take it easy with walking/sitting and especially bending. Massage helps (but make sure they know what they are doing- they can really hurt you). I have to stay on my meds or I can't move in the morning. I also have the tingling down to my toes. And if I do too much, I pay dearly the next day. All I can say is good luck- and focus on getting a good pain mgmt (PM) dr to help with this. Let me know how it turns out. :) Shannon
Follow up:  Today I went to my pain specialist and handed him a piece of paper with all my symptoms I have had since July 26th.  Then asked him if I could possibly get a CAT Scan or MRI to make sure I get the correct diagnoses.  He finally agreed on an MRI.  Now I just have to wait for the authorization to go through (says it should be a few days).  I also told him the pain medication he gave me (Dilaudid) waasn't working.  So now I am on Neurontin 600mg (3x a day). I guess I will just have to wait now.
Hey there everyone, I have fibromyalgia and arthritis and have had chronic pain from this for about
I had this type of reaction from trigger point injections. Mine were due to having such severe muscle spasms. In some spots they actually could not get the needle in because of the spasms. I would hurt like a bugger when this happened. I always used moist heat which works well on me. My upper back they always said was like a chunk of concrete, lol. Susie
Deana,Anne
I am wondering if anyone else medicates themselves before they get a migraine.
my only fear is that your body is going to get so used to the meds that 1. when you don't take it you will get a headache
Hey Baseballmomof3,
Hey AngMichelle,
well actually, Just Imitrex Inj, and stadoll Ns (one bottle a month, no moer than once a week). I do something called energy medicine and Psych-k that has really helped me. I was on A LOT of meds, and they did nothing so why take them? I think they actually made things worse. DX-Migraines:Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome: 

I have used the INJ Imitrex for aboutDX-Migraines:Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome: 
just saw that your on verapamil...DX-Migraines:Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome: 

really, you can't function with Stadol NS. Its like getting a shot for me. It makes you really sleepy, but I have problems actually falling to sleep bc of racing thoughts. it doesn't burn, sometimes if you breath in too hard, some liquid will drip into your mouth, and it your nasued sometimes causes me to gag, a tad, nothing bad. I know alot of people you take it while they are actually in bed, b/c some people react quickly and will extreme drowsiness. i've taken it so long, I can usually handle 2 sprays and still keep going. I couldn't when I first started taking it. DX-Migraines:Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome: 
It has been  awhile since I was last here.......life has been FANTASTIC..... but cp rears it's ugly head......great  to see all are still doing ok( give and take..)...just was put on lyrica..any info...heard good and bad...more bad than good.... any love out there.??
I tried to wean from Neurontin to Lyrica for small fiber neuropathy of the feet and legs. Lyrica did not control my pain very well [for example, one night I had the urge to get a saw and remove the offending pain parts]  and I had HUGE lethargy and sleepiness issues while on it. I finally gave up trying to switch over after 3 weeks.
Straydog,  good to see you up and at em...how have you been? life has been good, just shifts in life from time to time. Other than that, I am not complaining! I have been playing in the garden..yeah! and running around chasing our new puppies...So life is rich....thanks for the lyrica reply, nervous about trying it, but hey gotta get some help somehow....stay well.. Peace. Cole
Hey Cole thanks for asking about
Colerg - I have much love for Lyrica!! LOL My pain management doctor put me on Lyrica starting at 75mg at night. I had some really odd side effects from it in the begining &amp; I can understand why some stopped so quickly but my advice is to give it at least a week or two b/c my body was used to it by then and the strange side effects were gone. It's really hard to explain what happened but I'll try....My head just felt "strange" in the begining - almost like my brain was numb or something - it just felt like something wasn't right, when I got up from sitting for a while my legs would feel like jello &amp; it would take a few&nbsp;seconds for it to level out before I could walk saftely lol, the other really odd thing was that I was antsy &amp; couldn't sit still but at the same time felt exhausted and couldn't stop yawing. After the 2nd week on it my doctor raised the dose to 150mg (75mg twice daily) and I didn't really have any issues with the side effects after that&nbsp;1st week, even when my doses have been increased. I went to a Rhumetologist recently at the advice of my pain doc &amp; the Rhumey doubled my dose of Lyrica brining it to 300mg/day (150mg twice daily). He informed me that when the FDA approved Lyrica for Fibromyalgia it was approved at a dose between 350-500mg and this raise in my dose made a HUGE difference. The aches &amp; pains of my Fibro have decreased significantly &amp; I don't have any additional side effects from the Lyrica any longer. My Rhumetologist wants to raise my Lyrica dose again, bringing it to 500mg but my pain management doctor just put me on the Fentanyl patch and we are putting off the increase until my body has adjusted to the Fentanyl. Another side benefit is that I have nerve pain in my feet and that is also pretty much gone! :) Also, I did not gain any weight from Lyrica. We all react so differently to meds and the reactions to this one seems to be all over the place so all you can do it try it &amp; see if it works for you! Good luck....let us know how it turns out!!!
My headaches are relatively new. They started about
I use to take Fiorinal for my migraines but I HAD to get off of them I was blacking out and not me at all PLUS I was getting rersounding headaches from them as well...........
is there anything they can do with the cyst?? I bet it does have something to do with it. I do have really bad complicated migraines. I was on fentanyl at one time, but took myself off of it. I didn't like being on so much strong stuff. I'm really glad they are helping you. I'm sorry you have to suffer so much.DX-Migraines:Poly Cystic Ovarian Syndrome: 
So, my trigger point injections and nerve block injections were a bust.  I went through 4 rounds of at least 15 shots each.  I had alot of hope on these things working.  All the people in the doc's office that I talked to had nothing but praise for them.  2 of them had gotten off of disability and returned to work after the shots.  So I start thinking, this guy knows what he's doing.  I called today to find out what the next step was as the shots weren't working, and to see about

Oh Dash!! I&quot;m so sorry for the pain you have. I've never heard of this disorder but am here to hold your hand thru it all.  Does your doctor prescribe pain meds for you? I hope he/she's easy to work with.
Just had new MRI-very similar to old one.
I would think so.  Your MRI is almost as bad as my 74 year old mother's, and she hasn't been able to stand up straight in years.
The Scoliotic curvature means the spine is curving sideways - totally different situation from the normal curve in the lumbar area that everyone has.  Does anyone remember having scoliosis checks in school every year?
You are certainly no Doctor! If you look at the MRI results, you'll see Spinal Stenosis and Facet Hypertrophy. Stenosis is a narrowing of the tube that carries nerves and Facet Hypertrophy is an arthritis based englargement of the tube. Both trap nerves, resulting in severe pain.Alan
Thanks for the hugs. I would say that I am on some pretty strong stuff-I wear a 100 mcg Fentanyl patch (which really does nothing) and I take up to 120 mg of Oxycodone a day for breakthrough.Alan
How did the pump work for you? I was thinking aboutAlan

Carina,

I understand your dilemma, being new to the patch and getting conflicting information.&nbsp; However, there's the literature, and there's real life.&nbsp; Reapplying a patch that has come off does not make it dispense any faster - if anything, it will go slower because the skin port that forms under the patch is what has been compromised.&nbsp; You are in more danger of overdosing by being out in the heat and sweating while wearing the patch, rather than taping on one that has fallen off.

Me too, I hard a hard time with them sticking when I first was put on them. I agree with TexasJen about


Well,  seems the makers of oxycontin are paying a huge sum for telling doctors to script
I have been wearing high dose patches for quite some time. I have to agree with the group above - if I tossed away every patch that came loose and/or fell off, I would have been accused of selling them on the street corner because I went through sooo many each month. I not only put the patch on, but I also cover each one with a Tegaderm. Even if I cover them, they fall off left and right. Using more than the Rx'ed amount is cause for a red flag. There is no way that your insurance company is going to cover all of those patches each month and the story about them falling off will probably not be well received. I have never had the slightest problem retaping patches back on. I have been doing it every couple of days for many years at doses much higher than 25 mg. I can understand your situation, good luck in finding a compromise that you are medically and ethically comfortable with. 

Other than that first one I haven't had any problems with patches falling off, I wonder why so many people loose THAT many patches. I just apply medical tape at all four&nbsp;edges and it stays. Weird. 
I post on crohns and was just reading on here.  I use the BC patch which I know is totally different from a pain patch.  But to keep mine on I take it out, slap it on, and then rub it for about
i put mine on the upper arm, and yes always get the patch to body temp before using it. i hole mine between my hands for a min or so, and use. afer cleaning my arm with alc. and waiting a few mins. before using.

RDA and others... According to Jansen the makers of Duragesic patches,&quot; the skin should not be cleansed with alcohol ,soaps,oils,lotions, or other agents that might irritate the skin or alter its characteristics.  After you wash with  water, you need to wait till it dries to apply the patch.&quot; It also says that&quot; the Duragesic patch should not be used if the seal is broken, cut, or altered,or damaged in any way prior to application. This could lead to rapid release of the contents of the Duragesic patch  and absorption of a potentially  fatal overdose of fentanyl. The transdermal patch should be pressed firmly in place with the palm of your hand  for 30 seconds,making sure that the contact is complete,especially around the edges.&quot; It is really important to follow the directions that the manufactures give you. They give you these for reasons. I know that it is hard to keep these on, and you can get the bio-occlusive covers from them for free, so I would order them, and they do help to keep them on. But the  most important thing is safety in taking these medications. You don't want any chance of an overdose. They can be life threatening.
new to this site.&nbsp; can anyone suggest a good pain doctor for fms.&nbsp; i live in charlotte, north carolina.&nbsp; I need a doctor that understands fms, the doctors that i have seen think that fms in not real and they dont want to prescribe pain meds.&nbsp; i had a really good doctor but he relocated to another state.&nbsp; i have been without my pain meds for a couple of months and i cant take it anymore. please help
Shellbug - your best bet is going to be getting your records from where you were diagnosed.  then either calling around to doctors offices accepted by your medical insurance and specifically asking how much experience they have with patients with FMS.  OR calling your insurance company and asking them to find one for you.  You may want to try the fibro board as well.  Also, consider calling your old doctor and asking him to refer you to a good fibro doctor in your area.  
Shellbug...just a thought. I found a good doctor by surverying the total doctors in pain management in my area.  Once I had a good idea who those were, I started to research some info on them. A good way to get info on a doctor is to go to the source...the patients.  Many doctors offices website have testimonials by patients.  These testimonials can tell a lot about a doctor.  Another way is to just ask.  I used to call the offices and ask the receptionists what was the general opinion of the doctors they worked for.  And, always remember, you have the power to hire or fire and doctor that you darn well please!
Hi everyone...Sigh. I am so scared right now. So upset, and no one to talk to. I can barely function as it is, and now this anxiety has taken over and I can't get control.
Hi there. I just had to respond to this. I really feel for you. I also have panic/anxiety. I have found that my pain and panic are very much connected to each other. The more anxious I am, the worse my pain gets and the worse my pain is, the more anxious I get!! It's a viscous circle!! I see a psychiatrist about
Rehabnurse - I must have ADD because I couldn't read your entire original post, but first, I really feel for you. Good luck to you  - I sure hope you find a caring, knowledgeable, realistic doctor that gives you what you need to feel better.
Has anyone had either of the above?
i have bulging discs in my lower back, i went through a lot in the beginning because of my age. (i am only 30 now) i was told a lot of different things until i went to a pain management dr. they ran several tests to confirm what was going on. have you had an mri or emg? those are pretty important, though they may not pick it up. you may have to have more than one mri (which was the case for me) do you have any numbness or tingling in your arm or leg? it was to the point where i wouldn't sleep at night my pain was so bad. i would cry myself to sleep. hot baths and ice packs helped me. but, you need a proper diagnosis so you can learn how to treat it. i strongly suggest a pain management dr- and look around before you just go to one. they are all different. maybe check with the BBB. or, ask around. i went through the chirocpracters (which i think made it worse), acupuncture, everything over the counter, herbal remedies, i still stick with massage therapy. it feels well because since my lower back has all the pain- i use all of my upper body to do things, which made me so tense. but, my pain actually began with headaches about a year- but i can't advise you enough to see a specialist. good luck with your appt, and let me know how it goes. hopes this helps you some!
has anyone ever tried on line doctor consults.&nbsp; Are they for real or are they a scam.&nbsp; Someone suggested that i try that for my pain control until i can get an appointment with a pain clinic for my fms.&nbsp; any feedback would be great.
Hi all, I'm new and this is my first post at healingwell so forgive any faux pas.&nbsp; I am a patient at the Madison Pain Clinic in Dallas, TX although I live in northern Wisconsin.&nbsp; I am finally receiving decent, effective, respectful and responsive pain treatment for intractable pain.&nbsp; I have 5, yes&nbsp;5, acute vertebra fractures in my spine, severe stenosis, and deteriorating disc disease.&nbsp; I am getting shorter as my disks thin out, lost almost 3inches so far. I live in a sparsly populated area with limited choices and have been unable to find a Dr. that will prescribe high enough doses of opiod meds to keep me out of agony.&nbsp;Madison Clinic is required by the DEA&nbsp; to jump thru certain hoops to prescribe and send me my hydrocodone (10/325 Norco&nbsp;150 count/month&nbsp;).&nbsp; I do phone consults with their Doc which are brief and painless. It is all expensive and as true medical care it falls sadly short.&nbsp; I can and do receive excellent care from my Internal Medicine primary Doc, just can't get adequate pain relief because my pain&nbsp;level is very high,&nbsp; I'm on the 100&nbsp;fentanyl patch but need about





I'm sorry it has taken me so long to answer this post.I am on the name brand pain patches.I use the Duragesic 50mcg and they are Janssen brand.I know where you are coming from.The first time I was on then it was the name brand because at the time there was no generic.I did have problems with making them stick so I used tap to keep them on and it worked fine.Well I had asked to be taken off of them because I felt that my pain was getting better and did not need them any longer.So this time my insurance would not pay for the name brand so I had to use the generic and let me tell you I had nothing but trouble with them not only would they not stick to my skin so I taped them down and they were litterly eating my skin and I showed this to my pain dioc and she called mt insurance and told them that I had crohns and it was a must that I have these,so they agreed to let me go back to name brand.Since being back on these I am having no problems.Curley
I have been on the name brand patches for a few weeks now and I definately notice some differences. This patch definately stay better but I do still have to tape it down. I got the plastic coverings from the manufacturer and they are ok but when I get in the shower its starts to come off and wrinkle at the edges. The medical tape seems to work the best but it so unsightly. I don't like how much bigger the name brand patches are but thats just a cosmetic thing. So far things seem to be good.
Try the Sandoz brand generic--they are identical to the name brand--even made in the same factory etc--they are larger than the Mylan--which I tried and are worthless to me--I now order the Sandoz a few days ahead of time, so the pharmacy has them in stock and only have to pay for the generic co-pay--as I said --Identical--even packaging with exception of name.&nbsp; My brother is a chemist and worked at the factory where both are produced (Jansson and Sandoz)--they come off the same line--If cost is an issue--Sandoz is the way to go--I have been on the 100Mcg for several years now--When I tried the Mylan, I thought I must have gotten a bad batch or something--totally worthless to me--I know you will be pleasantly surprised if you try the Sandoz--Good Luck--RogerMultiple Sclerosis

I never had the nausea, but have heard that it is fairly common--My biggest side-effect was night sweats--wake up and t-shirt is soaked through--still happens--and constipation is always on my mind--take steps to avoid it--usual over the counter stuff--senna tea, Miralax, Milk of magnesia etc.--Other than that, they have been a blessing--All the best--RogerMultiple Sclerosis
The only time I seem to have nausea issues is when my body heats up.....I can tell when I've been outside too long b/c I start getting nauseas (sp?) and dizzy. I have been having some major issues with nausea for the past week but I don't think it's from the patch, I think I must have caught a bug or something.  When I was taking pain pills instead of the patch I was having bad constipation but that has ceased since starting the patch...surprizngly.  I don't really know how I feel about
I don't know what strength patch you are on, but they come in 12.5,25, 50, 75, and 100Mcg--maybe just get the next size up?&nbsp; I have found that my upper arm works the best--I alternate arms with each change and I do also tape the sides with Johnson&amp;Johnson 1" heavy duty waterproof tape--Do not have a problem anymore with them sticking even in the shower--sometimes a little bit on the third day--I think it must be more difficult for women to hide the patch depending on what they wear, but I have learned on another forum that directly under the breast works well for some women--difficult to see and good pain relief.&nbsp; Have a good day!-RogerMultiple Sclerosis
i am so desperately trying to find a good doctor in charlotte, north carolina to treat my fibromyalgia.&nbsp; I am so sick and tired of being treated like a crazy person and being told that my pain is not real.&nbsp; One doctor actually had the nerve to tell me that people with fibromyalgia are either crazy or drug seekers.&nbsp; Can you believe that crap!!!&nbsp; Obviously he has never suffered any type of pain before.&nbsp; I really let him have it and walked out of his office. I also reported him to the medical board for some very inappropriate sexual related questions, he claimed that he was asking me these questions to see if i really had fibromyalgia.&nbsp; I have never been asked those types of questions, ever.&nbsp; I had an excellent doctor but he relocated to another state.&nbsp; He had given me hydrocodone, tramadol, flexeril, zoloft and ambien.&nbsp; Now that I have not taken these meds, I am miserable.&nbsp; The pain is unbearable.&nbsp; Can any one please suggest a good doctor anywhere is North Carolina, I am willing to travel if need be to find a decent doctor.

about every 5 minutes.
you still need to get an xray . Especially if you feel something is there and you are in painSyringomyelia T4-T10
well after I passed out saturday, they ruled out anything serious, and siad its bad whiplash, and a possible conconsion.DX-Migraines:PCOS(should have seen this list before!!)

PCOS is poly cystic ovarian syndromeDX-Migraines:PCOS(should have seen this list before!!)
Hi there.
thanks guys, we didn't order an MRI (my choice), because it seems to be mostly muscular. The passing out was due to the Vagus Nerve( i can't remember the term).DX-Migraines:PCOS(should have seen this list before!!)
Hi all, I would like to get a current sort of consensus as to the benefits of accupuncture for chronic pain.&nbsp; Honestly, I am a huge sceptic about this.&nbsp; I tried it once...one session.&nbsp; It didn't help at all, and actually left me pretty sore where the needles had been.&nbsp; I realize that I didn't give it much of&nbsp;a chance, but I did wonder why if it was going to provide any relief, why not immediately?
&nbsp;mY Jennifer had major back surgery and diagnosed with Degenerative disc disease. She had pain pills for awhile, but then the dr/&nbsp;refused more. so she went to the emergency room all the time. Now she has been admitted to the hospital and a neurologist has been called&nbsp; in and he says her arms. that hurt. all the time&nbsp; have nerve pain. she is on new meds for that.they&nbsp;are giving&nbsp; Diladed. she has 3 children, married and I am so worried for her as she walks with a walker... and cant function very well... I think&nbsp; she may become a chronic pain patient. I have found myself driving around finding a pharmacy who would fill prescriptions. as they say it is too soon to fill them.. very anxiety ridden wondering what will happen in her future. thanks for listening....
&nbsp; I am sorry if this is confusing... I was driving around before looking for her to have Pre. filled. now that she is in the hospital. they fill them....
Curley, yeah thats the same setup that I have with my pain doc.  I am very very careful aboution for three days worth of meds? Heck NO!  In my pain clinic, if a patient ask for meds early for any reason at all, an incidence form is filled out.  Two forms in a year is automatic cause for that patient to be dismissed from the practice.  I would not want to lose the trust of my doctor.  There is nothing that could happen to me that would ever cause me to call my doctor to prescribe my meds to me early, i mean nothing!  Pain doctors are very vigilant for even the slightest red flag. Carenpolar, your daughter could end up without a pain doctor if she is asking for meds early.  I think its in your daughter's best interest for you to try and determine whether or not your daughter is taking her med's like they have been prescribed to her.  Even if her pain is not being relieved, she cannot, under any circumstances, self adjust her dosages.  This is playing with fire.  She could lose what little pain relief she already has, in addition to being labelled an addict.
&nbsp;thank you for so many responses. yes state insurance. is a pain. One day last month I had to pay $140.00 for her pain meds.(Morphine). Jennifer is in the hosptial still( second week.), they are trying to adjust the pain meds. They are trying a new one. Her arms are aching all the time , so they did a nerve test.&nbsp;Maybe the issue is her old pain meds didnt work or wasnt a high enough&nbsp;dosage. This time in the hospital is the first time she has found pain relief. They put atube through her armpit that sends the pain meds through her heart to&nbsp; bring immediate pain relief. Who knows what will happen when she comes home but for now they are working on finding&nbsp; way to get her pain relief... 
Carenpolar, Yeah, Insurance is the other issue.  I have been kind of blessed and cursed in that area.  My insurance carries no plan for prescript thirty dollars for a month supply, and Fentora, which I get free via the patient assistance program.  The key for your daughter is getting her doctors to maintain her pain treatment outside of the hospital.  I hope things get better for BOTH of you.
HI 3rd week. of Jennifers stay at the hospital, they did an MRI and she had her L-3 disc broken in her back. She is Degenerative Disc Disease. Since she had  a back surgery in june, she has to wait for 4 months.  to have this new disc repaired.. Now we know why she as such chronic pain. they are thinking of admitting her to a Care center. to care for her and manage her pain.  we will see..Caren
Update on jennifer,, she went to a Care Center, the center, gave her pain pills by mouth but the pain was too much and she went by&nbsp; ambulance back to another hospital. and They are giving her IV pain killers.at the hospital now... the only thing that works I guess....
wow, she is really having a time of it. Please know that you and her are in our prayers. Hang in there we are here for you. Susie
Carenpolar,
Please let us know how your daughter is doing. Is the Lyrica alone controlling her pain? Does she have a pain mgt dr overseeing her care now? Susie
&nbsp;Susie, thanks for your interest...... NO she is using pain patches.also( Fentnyl) and taking Dalad.......plus the Lyrica....
Dear Carenpolar,
Hello everyone, turns out the doctor that was MIA in my earlier psot is still MIA. I never got a phone call for a follow up or an apology. So i went to see the doctor who refered me in the first place. The purpose of the referal to doc 2 was because doc 1 doesnt write scripts for oxycontin. Anyway i see doc 1 again and told him that doc to is MIA, and i needed a follow appointment. Talking to doc 1 again i immedatly wanted him as my doctor.... he listens, hes empthatic, knowledgeable, and most importantly reliable. I got some shots in my back (not sure of what, but this is the second tiime, and they seem to help). PLus 120 loratab 10mg/500mg (1 four times daily), and keep doing my my PT exercises at home as he was impressed at my progress since the first time we met. I was at 60 mg of Oxycontiin (three 10mg pills twice daily, totalling 60mg perday). The oxy literally took at the pain/soreness and helped keep the pain of breakthrough spasms away, which was a miracle. However, it changed my personality, everyone noticed and even i did towards the end. I'm a musical person, but there was never any music coming out of my room, i was seculded all the time, no sex drive..... etc etc. Anyway i made the executive decision to get of the oxy so i could see doc 1, to me&nbsp;since this is reversable a more potent doctor is more important that a more potent painkiller. I could defintly feel the adjustment in my body from going from 60mg OXY daily to 40 mg Hydro daily, but i resited the urge to even myself off... i use my meds for legitmate pain and intend to keep it that way. Which brings me&nbsp;to today, apx 11 days from the appointment. I dont know if the shot wore off, or that i've been more active than usual as i have been doing some cleaning and other prepartions for my upcoming and last semester of college. I hav,'t lifted or over exerted myself. just i've been moving around alot and generally more active. Maybe it because i haven't been laying around as much im noticing more pain. Either way it sucks.... i haven;t left my room unless to go to the bathroom at all today. Last night my sleep was way worse than usual (and usually it sucks to begin with). 
anyone with any ideas??? i woke up today and couldn't get out of bed for ten minutes... i thought i woke up paralized... pretty scary..... i called the doc yesterday w/ no call back... im gonna try tommorow.....i went from fairly comfortable and able to do things.... to stuck in my room in 10 days
If Oxycontin gave you problems so will oxycodone, why? Because they are the same thing. Oxycontin is only oxycodone in extended release form. The name stands for OXYcodone CONTINuous release. However you might want to try some other form of oxycodone because you do not recieve it over the entire day slowly (one of the instant release versions that is), so it could have a different feeling to you. You might also do well on something like methadone, which is totally synthetic (because you said natural opiates have little effect on you). Dilaudid is also a semisynthetic opioid and I believe it is closely related to hydrocodone so maybe that would make some sort of difference(there is no extended release version in the US anymore as far as I know however). Anyway good luck with your last year of college and good luck gettin your pain under control.
I'm just wondering if people with chronic pain sometime experience different levels of pain. I am just coming out of killer pain that I'm not sure what to do with. I take my 9 mg Hydromorphone three times a day plus 4 mg Dilaudid every four hours. I occasionally have these extreme flair up where I'm beside myself at what to do. I consider going to emerg but am scepticle what they would be willing to do. Mostly I'm interested if other CP'ers experience such huge fluxuations in pain level. I'm so relieved to be coming out of current killer pain.

chronic 1106 what is the cause of your pain ? CAN you have surgery . What you need to do is find what the pain is and how you can help it , not mask the pain.Syringomyelia T4-T10



Read the postings on &quot;pharacists gave me bad advice&quot; it's about the patches. I used the lidocain patch and it helped but would start falling off after you use the restroom (pulled your pants down) and mine is for lower lumbar area too (S1 thru L-4) Spinal stenosis, ddd and osteoarthritis. Also, becareful out in the heat with those patches heat will make you sick. Best of luck to you and hugz........
Good Morning Friends!
Hi Everyone!
Hi All,
Hi,You may also want to consider looking into none opioid forms of treatment, though I dont know what your pain is so I really dont know what may help you. I wish you luck and hope you find something that works for you.
Hmm... I didn't know you are in Canada, I am not sure if they are available there. You can certainly search the internet, Im sure there is somewhere on there that will say if they are or not. You are sure that there is no way for you to get to a better doctor like in a pain clinic or something? I sure hope that this works out for you and you can get relief. Ya those Tramacet are far weaker than the percocet, a lot of people say they are even weaker than Codiene, they are aboutBut good luck.
Well good luck with your surgery! I really hope that works out for you. I guess you figured out if they offer the Percocet 10s in Canada. Hopefully it goes well when you talk to your doctor and you are able to find something that better controls your pain. Make sure you don't insult him when you tell him that there are larger Percocet, that might make him less inclined to help you out.Wish you luck with all of your endeavors!
OHHHHH what a day.... I went to the doctor who did the surgery on my back on the 7th of this month and he gave me sample Celebrex 200mg and 1 more (the last) script yoga, I was just wondering if anyone had any suggestions.

Hello to all,
Hi Dear Afloat!
I am also in the Lidocaine inetion stages and am having mixed results of the testing. I have had very little information given to me by my pain doctor. I didn't even know that this was a "pre-surgery" procedure for diagnosis. I would be extremely grateful if someone could explain the procedure from a patient's standpoint. The doctors have told me almost nothing except that they use RF to "numb" the nerve. 
I am having my second round of R/F's this next Monday. I have facet problems at L5_S1. This worked for me very well 2 yrs ago. I am given light sedation for the procedure. I did fine until my dr hit one spot and I ended up in tears which is not like me at all. But he reproduced some pain from hell that I was not prepared for. Susie
My sister has been having in her left pain for several weeks.&nbsp; She describes it as a deep pain&nbsp;in her side that is a dull constant ache.&nbsp; The pain radiates to both the front and back.&nbsp; Also her skin is sensitive on the side over top where the pain is.&nbsp; She said the pain actually feels better when she is laying on the side the pain is on when she's in bed.&nbsp;The pain gets worse as the day goes on.&nbsp; Also, when she wakes up from a nap, the pain is worse but not after waking up in the morning. She is in pain whether sitting or laying but sometimes will lessen when she changes position.&nbsp; Applying heat will also lessen the pain.&nbsp; She had a CT scan of the abdomen, which was normal.&nbsp; She also had an x-ray of the spine, which was normal for someone 48 years of age.&nbsp; Does anyone have any suggestions as to what the pain may be, or&nbsp;even what specialty she should go to&nbsp;for further evaluation?&nbsp; Thanks for your input.&nbsp; 
I have figured out the trick with my DR, you have to be almost rude with him to get anywhere or bring your hubby, so I go in and I say I do not have good pain control, and I believe that in todays society NO ONE should suffer and I am suffering, his response to me is " Tracey I am not sure why your coming in here after a year being so naive" well I did not let him get any further and said WHAT ARE YOU TALKING about in hand and he says " if you can't have this surgery done I want you to do a video confrence with a Dr. in the city you can do this at the hospital" I just looked at him with disbelief, he is shipping me off to someone over the friggin internet, are you serious!!!! how the hell can this guy get a good idea of how I am, how do I get in contact with him,he is going to prescribe my meds 3 hrs away over the internet!!!!!&nbsp;I have a little bit of difficulity with this, we tried the Pain Clinic in Toronto once already, and they told me because there is no cure for LPHS this is it meds, and my DR seems to have a good handle on this, has anyone ever done this?? go to the hospital and talk to a DR, 3 hrs away and then let him PRESCRIBE you meds??? I am sorry but I think that is the most STUPId THING I have ever heard of, like I am thinking that could have alot of repercussions to that , and I do not want any part of that, I give, I don't know what to do anymore like kick someone when their down, I have to go back and see him Sept 12th, and my hubby is&nbsp; extremely pissed off and I am sure he will get a earful, so unless I am just seeing this in the wrong light, has anyone ever had this done, or been through this, or ever heard of it, plz let me know...Txs All
Tracey, I have had chonic pain management for seven years now and I have never heard of that.  Now, there are a couple of ways to look at this. First, it could turn out to be a good thing if the doctor your conference is with is willing to accomodate you.  The video conferencing could save you the time and expense of travel to that hospital.  In that case, he might be better than what you currently have.  On the other hand, this doctor could be a complete waste of your time.  Either way, I think that you should go with the flow for now, and see the video conference doc without complaint.  While you are doing this, start looking out there for another pain doctor.  Get some patient testimonials about other pain docs, and choose one that you think may be good for you, then make an appointment.  If the video conference doctor turns out to be a joke, then you have this new doc to look forward to.  In the meantime, keep your old doctor and don't tell him what you intend to do.  Either way, don't act irrationally or on impulse.  Having your husband yell at your doctor now might make him treat you even worse.  Good luck tracy, I'm pulling for you!
Txs for input,
Tracey, you need to quit dinking around with this guy, you have let this go on way too long, all he does is upset you. Find a dr., it does not have to be someone in your town, I understand small town limited drs. I don't know where you live but there has to drs in another town close to you. I live in a large city and most of my specialists believe it or not are in a small town at my own choosing. I get excellent care from them too. I have crohns disease and all the gi drs in my town wanted to give me prednisone which is a steroid. I go into to congestive heart failure on prednisone, they didn't care they wanted me to take it anyway, In fact, once when hospitalized in a bad flare while on IV morphine the dr gave it to me anyway after being told not to. Day 3 in CHF and the idiot wanted to know what happened. Sounds like he could be in cahoots with this video conference dr too. Susie
Straydog..When I read everyone's posts, it just still amazes me that a profession that is suppossed to be based on compassion and caring can be so cold. I am also amazed at the variety of ineptness of some of the doctor's talked about in this chronic pain forum. Your story is amazing to me.  I cannot understand why a doctor, after being explicitly told not to order or administer this medicine to you because it could KILL YOU, still orders it for you.  Not only is it ineptness, but I feel that medical doctors are largely corrupted by their own aerogance, and infallibility.  Thank God that state laws are giving physician assistants and nurse practitioners greater scope of practice.
Hi all,
Hello to all.&nbsp; I hurt my back in 1999, had fusion at L4/5 in 2002, learned to live with pain these years but now am in a situation I have never been in so looking for all of you for help.&nbsp; I have never hurt my back at work but recently did just that at a great job with a great company (or so I thought) and only 3 weeks into it hurt myself while working.&nbsp; I am getting the cold shoulder and have been told in so many terms as soon as they denie my claim (was not even set up yet) I will be out of a job .&nbsp; Anyone have some good advice for this situation.&nbsp; I have handled about every aspect of my care without a problem over the years but this one has me somewhat freaked out.&nbsp; My rights?&nbsp; What I should watch out for?&nbsp; I have a feeling and it was told to me today by the WC adjuster that I am basically working the system and they will find a way to get out of it be referring back to my back surgery in 2002 in order to deny.&nbsp; Any advice any of you that has been through a workers comp claim with a possible pre&nbsp; existing would be appreciated. 
Hi Mex and welcome!!  What a mess you're in, but I'll share with you my thoughts. Don't let them intimidate you.  Write down what they've said and when.  Be quiet about
Hi Meximelt &amp; I too want to welcome you to HW. I worked for 20 yrs plus as a paralegal for atty that handled W/C claims and personal injury claims. I think Chutz gave you some excellent advice.

Mexximelt, yes its all a game of intimidation. But, what is so surprising is this person at your work is really helping you unknowingly, you are being told everyhing they plan to do. I am quite sure if the higher ups knew what this person was doing they would be in hot water because of liability issues. That part is funny.


I'd find another neurosurgeon or an orthopedic surgeon.  If you live in the Mid-Atlantic, I could recommend a few.

Awe Holmesia that was a horrible doctor hun, but not all of them are like that.  Try finding another pain management doctor, a good one will be able to help you.  Although about the fusion he might have been right from what I've heard from my friends is once you do surgey you'll have to keep going back for more surgery......I really do wish you well hun and that I wish everyone here was pain free!
Yes there are and good for you!
Holmes give it a whirl. You have nothing to lose. But, in a few weeks if you are still needing the brace and meds get back to that PCP. Tell her, ok, I have tried it your way and this is where I am at. Yes, at times pain receprtors do need to be retrained/reworked whatever. I would like to know how this dr proposes to going about
I had bad luck with Tricyclics and weight gain.&nbsp; its too bad because they worked.&nbsp; i didnt even eat more, it just slowed my metabolism i guess.&nbsp; but i gained nearly 20 pounds in a short time.&nbsp; THen switched to Gapapentin and got less releif.&nbsp; i started exercising and dieting but cant lose weight, and i'm supspecting the Gabapentin is starting to make me put on pounds as well.&nbsp; i dont even have an elevated appetite.&nbsp; Now i want to try something else becuse i cant keep letting this weight gain happen.&nbsp; there are lots of overweight people in my family who really struggle, so i need to stay healthy.&nbsp; i'm beside myself though.&nbsp; I need these kind of meds, but cant afford to gain weight.&nbsp; i'm not trying to be vain, i jsut dont want my depression to get worse because of my horrible self image.&nbsp; By the way, i have interstitial cystitis and Pudendal neuralgia, and normal OTC pain relievers dont touch it, and niether do opiates really.&nbsp; Tramadol does work occasionally but i dont know how healthy it is to take around the clock.&nbsp; i'm only 24 and i already hate life!&nbsp; I really need releif because i have a sitting office job and it hurts to sit :(
Lyrica is a weight gainer , and fluid retention . I know several who have been on it and gained weight . about the only 2 meds I know of is Keppra which I take and Topamax . 
I have been on Topamax and have found it to help the most for my pain. It also has the side effect of loosing weight. It doesn't happen to everyone though. I was on many other antiseizure drugs before this and gained alot of weight. I was then put on Topamax, and lost so much weight that they had to take me off of it. I was under 100 pounds. I later went back on it and have been back on it for about a year and a half and it has helped alot. I didn't do well with Lyrica because of the weight gain and I had alot of the peripheral edema with it as well. Good luck and I hope you find some relief.
Hi all..I could use a little advice myself this time.&nbsp; All was going well with my current pain doc.&nbsp; about the situation.&nbsp; I'm really afraid that my doctor won't trust me anymore and will withdraw his treatment of me.&nbsp; It's so frustrating because I have done everything that I can think of to prove that the boxes were short before they got to me.&nbsp; I even asked the manufacturer to pull the shipping weights of the packages to compare the weights of my packages to what they should have been.&nbsp; The manufacturer even offered to send me a check for the retail value of the missing medicine!&nbsp; Because of this, I think that it might be a good idea to search out for a new doctor before I go in for my next appointment with my current doc.&nbsp; I would appreciate any advice on this, or for local folks to nothern illinois, a good doctor reccomendation. Thanx all!
I have Crohn's Disease.&nbsp; My Dr. has recommended going to a pain clinic.&nbsp; What will they do and how will they treat me?
Wow mex...you outta send THEM a bill!!!  Bible, there are many different styles of pain clinics.  Some don't believe in medications, others are mostly physical therapy, and some are more 'full service' working well with you and your needs. If you fine that the one you go to isn't going to blend with your needs go back to your primary care doc and ask for someone different. Don't be shy...it's YOUR body!

Ladywood!
Hi Friends, thanks for your replys.  I do not take Oxycontin, it is Roxycodone or oxycodone.  It can be taken 1/2 tablet at a time as it is not slow release.  But, thanks for your concern.  I have a whole list of Dr.s to call tomorrow.  I am in a different county than the good Dr. and that complicates a little.  I am searching for a Dr. in my county, preferably one who makes house calles as I cannot afford the wheelchair van.  I look forward to being narcotic free sometime during next month no matter how much pain I am in.  I still can't believe this whole thing.  He owns 3 nursing homes and his wife is also involved in this in some way through the nursing homes.  The pharmacy wouldn't even refill his scriptLadywood
Thanks so much for your advice.&nbsp; My primary care Dr. is the one who is going to jail and no one in his office will prescribe more than 2 weak vicodin per day.&nbsp; He has a huge practice and 3 or 4 PA's and huge staff.&nbsp; The PA assigned to my case has a "That's tough" attitude.&nbsp; He told me that no one in my entire area will prescribe a decent dose of narcotic medicine because everyone is running scared and afraid of the feds.&nbsp;I can't get other Dr.s to return my calls.&nbsp;&nbsp;Once they find out I was this Dr.'s patient they run the other way.&nbsp; &nbsp;It is a totally unbelievable situation.&nbsp; I am trying to get another Dr. but they will probably not prescribe narcotics.&nbsp; Everyone is sending pain patients to pain centers and they are too far away for me.&nbsp; And I was told they only give shots or other alternative meds, not pain pills.&nbsp; I don't wan't to be on the pills anyway.&nbsp; I never want to be in this position again no matter the pain.&nbsp; Most of my pain is from osteoarithis and chronic pleurisy not cured by antibiotics.&nbsp; I have aching and shooting pain up the legs and in my right heal.&nbsp; I have a commode by my bed and use a walker to go 2 steps.&nbsp; I hate others being so in control of my life.&nbsp; I feel hopeless.&nbsp; I am taking Aleve and Asprin and praying a lot.&nbsp; Thanks for your help. 
Ladywood
Oh my, you have my sympathies. Yes, I can see with the Feds being invloved in a small town, I am quite sure every dr in that town is scared to death even tho they have no dealings with this guy. It just goes to show one more time how CP people can get labeled so quickly. Its not just the drug seekers but even the unethical drs putting the screws to us. I hate very much this has happened to you, but, this guy does not seserve a license if what they say about
Thanks, Susie, I am despondent tonight having come from his office after a visit with one of his PA's.  Trying to get off the pills, but under the pressure of leaving the house , wheel chair van and all, I took an extra 1/2 Roxy and am now beating myself up for it.  The whole medical infrastructure in my small town is insane...psychiatrists won't prescribe Ativan, Dr.'s won't help with pain...I made so many phone calls today I am going crazy with it all.  Luckily I finally made contact with a social worker who is trying to find me a new Dr.  No one wants to take a CP patient.Mariann
I was awakened early this morning with a call from a long time family physician whose nurse said he would see me again.  So, some good news in all the bad.  My appt is next week and we'll see how it goes.  This all came aboutMariann
I've been on the 100mcg of the Fentanyl patch and it works really well controlling my pain. However, about
Thanks for the reply Soccergirl.  Sorry to hear aboutLooks like headaches/sickness may not be that common then.  I get this feeling after I've changed the patch, like the day after so my body isn't going through withdrawals.  It's not even every time and I can't figure a correlation so I'm stumped.  I will ask my doctor.  Thanks again and I wish you the best.

Hey guys, just a thought.  Although I cannot site the source for this (probably their are clinical trials and research in JAMA and Medline), I do believe that opiates themselves can cause headaches.  I am not sure of the mechanism for this, but I have heard of it happening....People who were being treated for chronic pain due to some ailment and then mysteriously developing migraine-like headaches during the duration of the opioid treatment.  In the case that I read about, a patient's doctor was giving her in-clinic injections of dilaudid for her headaches.  As she came to find out, when she stopped taking the dilaudid injections, her headaches went away.  I AM NOT trained in medicine, but headaches may be a necessary evil with opiate medication.  I myself never used to get headaches, but, once in awhile, I do get headaches.  I have no allergies, have no migraines, no rhinitis or any sinus problems to speak of. The only correlation I personally made was between the time I started taking opiates and the start of the headaches.  I'm not saying this is the cause of yours, but its an idea of what to look at.
I think that you are on to strong of a dose and maybe you can get your doctor to lower you back down to the 75's.Curley
So, I tend to dream ALOT.  And the more I hurt the more vivid the dreams are.  And the more I hurt, the more I tend to dream about

Okay guys (and gals) I have come to a point in my life where I am utterly confused.I just had to get that off my chest. It's been brewing in my mind for days now, and it's making me nuts. Any and all opinions welcome.

Rehab- The best advice I can tell you is to apply for SSDI now.  You may have even passed the time in which you can enroll.  I would apply now just to get things going.  If at some point you are able to go back to work great, if not at leas you've started things.  I put in my app in Nov. 2006 and am in the 3rd month of waiting after my first appeal.

&nbsp;First thing you do is call ALLSUP INC&nbsp; they will handle your disability. You will not have to do anything. They do it all.&nbsp; You will not have to leave your home.&nbsp; They are on the internet.&nbsp; Then check on some type of help until you get your first check. If you go to Social services they will help plus be after your X husband like a bloodhound.&nbsp; If you have made too much money&nbsp; tell them about the children , they might help with them.&nbsp; Try to find a lawyer that will listen to you without charging. Social services will help with that too.&nbsp; The main thing is to fight, don't give up. There are people out there that will help you.&nbsp; You just have to ask.&nbsp;&nbsp; Good luck and God Bless.
Hello,
Hi Afloat!

OMG I am so angry!!! My soon-to-be-ex called and told me he was moving up north about my kids being taken away from me. I am just such a wreck.

Oh girlfriend....try to relax.  Just because he WANTS all of these things doesn't mean he's going to get them. You can get legal help even if you don't have a dime. Get on the phone.

Good Morning ReHabNurse:&nbsp; Stella Marie is correct - you will always be their mom  him.&nbsp; Vice versa for him while he was alive.&nbsp; Guess who that hurt?&nbsp; Not each other!!!!&nbsp; It only hurt me!&nbsp; And, guess what else??&nbsp; I still loved both of them.&nbsp; As an adult, I was truly able to see that both of them had their faults and both of them had their good points.&nbsp; Even though my mom told me over and over what a scumbag my dad was, I still (and continue to) love him and I love her.&nbsp; Truthfully, now I just resent the hell out of both of them putting me in the middle for years and years.&nbsp;
I can absolutely sympathize with you. My ex pulled the same stunt, trying to use the &quot;unfit to care&quot; for thing because of my back. When I took that statement to my attorney, she laughed. She told me that is something that is thrown at others as a scare tactic. She said it takes a whole lot to remove children from their present environment, whether it be with the mom or the dad. If YOU have them, and YOU are taking care of them, and they are well, YOU are the one likely to retain custody.
most of you know me and my condition.... so im not gonna go over it again
Hi,
  &nbsp;
Hi life and welcome to our family here!  Your story is very sad but not unlike many stories of others here.  I too live in constant pain, feel like I'm not a true wife to my hubby.  I lost my son to suicide 7 years ago and didn't care if I lived or not.  But you know what???  I DO want to live even tho I live in pain and with a broken heart.

Mex and baseball...thanks for your sweet words. I still don't understand my purpose and pain but if I can help others it does take some of the sting away.
Hey,
I just had an appointment with a neurosurgeon. He wants to fuse L4 and L5. Has ne one had the procedure or know someone who has had it? It is a workers comp case so everything moves real slow. (I hurt&nbsp;my back&nbsp;while arresting someone). One more question ne one know where I can get stats and recovery, side effects, and such. Thanks.

I had PT, choroprator, work conditioning, injections, and I even&nbsp;saw a voodoo woman
Pain - have they talked to you about



TDoern, thank you and your family for your sacrifices. I servered in the U.S. Army 1988-1990 and I know how hard Military life is on a family. If you are married to someone in&nbsp; the service you make tons of sacrfies. You will live with a poor salary and not see your spouse 
I'm going to try not to complain because I know there are many people in worse condition than myself. That being said.


Just a thought on the injections/shots.  My first pain doctor I went to for five years. The majority of my procedures were injections at the facet areas.  I never got any relief from them, but still, she persisted in doing them. Finally, she referred me onto my current doctor.  Guess what? He wants to do shots too. I honestly think that these &quot;shots&quot; are probably very profitable, especially if the doctor uses general anesthesia. When you add guided fluoroscopy to it, it gets pretty expensive. A little steroid injection ran me 8 thousand. Fortunately, I found a doctor that believes in a multi faceted approach to pain medicine.  There are so many &quot;pain clinics' out there that will only use one type of treatment for pain management.  Many of them only use alternative techniques like chiropractic, acupuncture, etc, and will not use medicine at all.  Some clinics, I have found, do combine alternative techniques with conventional medicine (i.e. drugs, procedures, physical therapy, etc.) Only a few doctors stick to purely conventional medicine, nowadays.  There is a lot of money in alternative treatments for pain without the risk of prescribing pain medication.  A lot of doctors just don't want to deal with it.  In my experience, and I am not trying to stereotype anyone by this, but every single doctor of India/Pakistani descent has tried to get me to use ONLY alternative techniques.  Most won't even prescribe anti-inflammatories to you.  That is just my experience, and I am sure that is not true for all doctors of Indian descent. When I look for a doctor, I make sure that they stongly practice conventional, western medicine, but you may have another take on it.  Pain is so subjective and individualized. No two treatment works exactly the same on different people.  I guess the real key is to find a doctor that treats you the way that you want to be treated. But, to find that doctor, you have to know what sort of treatment you want and what kind of outcome you want.  I wish I could offer more anecdotal evidence of other treatments, but thats all I have experienced. Please update us when you find out something new!
I went to see my spine doctor and I had a CT Scan done and it shows that I have 2 injured discs at L3-L4 and at L4-L5. He prescribed hydrotherapy for me. He wants me to try hydrotherapy and see if it works, and if it doesn't work, I may need surgery.Thanks in advance!
I need some advice or at least maybe someone can answer this question for me.&nbsp; I was only working 3 weeks on a new job when I was injured.&nbsp; My start date was 7/16 and my date of eligeability for the companies health insurance is 10/1.&nbsp; The requirements in the handbook states that you must work a minimum of 140 hours in order to receive benefits.&nbsp; Now I was short 20 hours before I was hurt but with an active workers comp claim in effect and if I am still on workers comp will I be eligeable to qualify for the health insurance on 10/1?&nbsp; I don't want to call and ask the company.&nbsp; Lets just say they are not being very "pro me" right now.&nbsp; Thanks to all!
I fell pretty bad today amd I have had several bad days in a row. I am lucky to be working on limited duty status. Yesterday while at work I dropped my keys. While I was trying to figure out how to pick them up, my partner pick them up for me. I felt so bad I had to leave the office. I cant believe I am not even able to pick up my keys!
I am in an active workers comp claim and my boss wants to get together with me to discuss "my furture and my injury progress".&nbsp; My understanding is that my employer only has access to how any disability or current injury pretains to returning to work to perform required duties, not to ask about how I feel, what the doctor thinks it is , etc.&nbsp; Any advice would be appreciated.&nbsp; Also, if my claim ends up being denied I will get an attorney to pursue further so again any current contact with my boss may hurt this?&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks again to you all!
It may vary from state to state, but I believe your supervisor probably has to submit an accident investigation report. This is usually written by him/her but dictated by you. Ask to read it right away so you can check for accuracy. Oh, and always get copies of everything, even your doctor's report if you are entitled to that info. In my state, we are. We are also obligated to see a professional on their list for I believe ninety-days, at least that's the last I have heard and it may have changed. Of course, it always pays to be very careful about distractions, such as what are your hobbies? Go with the old cliche`, &quot;just the facts, ma'am&quot;. Be certain. Saying things like I think, or maybe I--, no. Just state the facts. That applies to everyone you talk to--doctors and employer reps. Don't discuss anything in detail with other employees, either, as sometimes they are questioned also. Unless they are a witness to your accident and you need for them to report or testify as to what they saw, you really should not discuss your business with anyone else.
I had an IME. Please follow my advice above. Stand up straight. Do not answer any questions impulsively, rather, take a second or two to give it thought. This doctor is working for the insurance company and not for you. Be courteous but at the same time, do not allow him to lead you into saying something you do not mean. I wish you luck with this, others have warned you also of it's unpleasantness and they are correct. I believe two things--one, it is best if you can remain collected and not allow him/her to rattle your cage (so to speak) and two, this is my opinion, it is his/her job to try and prove this illness or injury is not work-related or that you are a malingerer and that is pretty hard to do if you are truthful and answer questions in a positive, matter-of-fact way.
You say your symptoms &quot;change&quot;? How so? The reason I ask is because if you experience pain, fatigue, or other unexplained symptoms, you may want to look into FMS/MPS or even lyme. With FMS/MPS, it is quite common for the pain to change and even move to another part of the body. It is confusing at times and often some of it seems unrelated. If you suspect this to be a possibility, read up on these things. Another suggestion would be to keep a pain diary describing the type of pain, location and other symptoms you may be experiencing. This could be quite helpful for a diagnosis. Wish you luck with the therapy and hope it helps!
Hey guys, I'm wishing you the best today~Anyways, I vented last week about my issue. With Affection for all "paniacs" ;) painKiller
Hello everyone
I don't know what it is but my uncle had the same sympyoms. His har and hand woulg get so cold he would wear a coat and aglove on his right hand even during the summer. I'll ask him about

My temp is usually 96 to 97, which is low, they always have to take it several times to believe it!
I'm going to a pain clinic today and I dread it.
Okay, so I had to get some of my medical records for an insurance appeal and I find that they have under Dx: Somaform disorder. I have never heard of this word before, it would be nice if they'd tell me what they are DXing me with!! 
Michelle, that, but like I said, if it really bothers you, you can get it removed. It's a pain, but it can be done.
First of all, let me apologize that I am included in the group of people who treated you so badly. I know nurses myself that are not supposed to be in this profession, as they are rude and condescending. There are bad apples in every bunch, and I think we as chronic pain patients see this first hand. I apologize you were treated so badly.I WOULD complain and write a formal letter telling the things that happen, and also what I stated, and tell them these nurses are rude and not following the standard of care and state verbatim what they say. Ask them why they told you they were giving you ativan when you didn't see an order for one?? They will have records of having used Ativan off that unit..and who it was used on. That's a good way to check. Ativan is a narcotic, and it's use is tightly controlled. You could prove you didn't get ativan that way. I would write a letter to the Nurse Manager, and to the Risk Manager and to the CEO or whoever is the &quot;Big Wig&quot; at that hospital. Threat of a lawsuit for negligent care always gets people jumping.
I am 34 , single mom of two and have suffered with chronic back pain for 7 years. I injured my back as a child and when I gave birth to my son 7 yrs ago it caused a recurrance of the injury from childhood as well as herniating a few disks. I have spina bifida occulta at L5 as well as arthritis now as well as weakened areas at L5 from the fracture as a child. I am soooo tired of living on pain medicine and I know I am seriously addicted to it now. My concern with getting help for the addiction to oxycocet is that I will then have to live with the pain which means I will be unable to get out of bed in the morning. Please help,,,,, does anyone know if methadone works for pain control as well as addiction treatment?? Any suggestions for where to go from here would be appreciated. I have never shared with anyone that i am addicted but I need help now as I am going through 220 oxycocet in two weeks and 40 oxycontins in three weeks.
thanks for your suggestions, I just worry because I have been on the same meds for so long and they dont work so I take more than my doc prescribes, thats why I feel like its an addiction. I dont get a high from it at all and even when I take more than prescribed my pain  is still awful. I would like to see a pain doctor buy my family doc thinks I should stick to what i am on. maybe i will chat with him about some of your suggestions thanks
Keir, your problem is not addiction. You have become tolerant to your medication which happens when the medication loses its affectiveness. My pain dr always ask, first thing is how is your medication handling the pain. Many times he had to change me to something else because it stopped working as well. This is a very common problem with any medication that has been taken for awhile, it just loses its punch. Please talk to your dr and be honest that you are having to take more than prescribed to get any relief. I took Norco and it helped me so much and I tolerated it well, which is unusual for me. I was so excited something I could take & something that worked. That was short lived, in 3 months in was having to take more than prescribed to get relief and I advised my dr immediately, he changed my meds. Susie
I think that you may want to talk to your doctor about
Has any one taken this&nbsp;for pain and did&nbsp; you have side affects.?
Hi Caren,
Hello, I am also on Lyrica for nerve pain and it has really helped me. I too have not had any ill side effects. Susie
I have taken it and for me it seems like I build up a tolerance to it very quickly.&nbsp; I had to take a good healthy dose (450 mg) to get pain relief, and at first it did help quite a bit.
weight gain , fluid retentionSyringomyelia T4-T10
HI it;s been a while i have a question about disablilty, supposivly sorry bout spelling a friend told me today that i would probably not be eligible to get on it because they don;t recongonise osteoarthritis as a disability, also have severe back troubles etc. And as well as being treated for anxiety/depression/ptsd etc. So not sure, i have the forms filled out and waiting for pysch doc to return from holidays so he can fill out his info, and my family doc will also be able to provide information as well, i have MRI"S- X-Rays etc to back up what is wrong with me so i don't think that i should have a problem, my knee situation has tp be re evaluated&nbsp; my doc said i could try the shots or condsider surgery being the last option. I see him on the 10th of this month and will need new x-rays to show if there is more damage and if so we can discuss options then. Anyway thanks for listening and letting vent a bit any input is welcome and apprceiated thanks in advance Twiggy2.

thanks for the input. I will not get my hopes up to high for approval, however i will fight for it as long as it takes. I know that it depends on the severity of the damage in the knee, Tylenol 3's is what i take for pain however not much of a help however anti inflammatories don;t help the greated either if if gets unbareable i will take an oxycodone but only if necessary. I have bulging disks from the thoratic level down to my tail bone area but not pinching any nerves so surgery is not an option, been to physical therapy, blah, blah and so i go with the flow one day at a time. Anyway i will keep u posted as to how things are going. twiggy2.
Hello everyone. I'm new to the forum and it seems that a lot of you have experience/info/advice that could be really helpful. I'll give you guys a little background on my situation and any feedback would be much appreciated. So I'm 24 now, and I've been getting chronic headaches and neck pain since I was 13. In the last few years it has also worsened to include low and mid back pain. The pain never goes away on its own, and I would describe the headaches as tension headaches isolated in the back of my head. There are two bumps, one on each side of my neck on the back of my head where the pain in that area has always seemed stem from.  My muscles are always tense in my back, neck, and shoulders and I'm always tired, most likely from lack of good sleep. Also, I'm constantly cracking my neck to try to relieve the pressure. When I was growing up, my Dr.'s basically told me to &quot;just deal with it&quot; and blew me off. Now I have a Dr. that I've just been persistent with, but I can tell that she is really hesitant to give me any kind of medication that actually helps. Here's the thing though. The pain has never been diagnosed. I had x-rays and an MRI done recently and all findings were normal. So they have no idea why I'm in pain. My spine &quot;specialist&quot; recommended getting more exercise, but I can't because I'm so fatigued, and it always makes me feel worse anyway. His other &quot;insight&quot; was that, sometimes people are just in pain all the time for no reason. Very helpful. I've tried chiropractic, PT, Motrin 800 (does Absolutely Nothing), flexeril (does nothing for the pain and makes me feel more lethargic than I already do) and most recently vicodin. The vicodin has been the only thing so far that even touches the pain but I can tell that my Dr. really does not want to give me them, and when she does it's only enough to last two weeks only taking 2 per day (which I think I need 4 at least, I just try to space it out for as long as I can). I think that partly why I am unable to get medication is because of the lack of an actual diagnosis, and the fact that I'm only 24. I don't want to have to depend on pain meds if I don't have to, but I'm coming to realize that this might be my only option at this point. I realize that I failed to mention that I have sustained numerous extreme sports injuries over the years, but my headache/neck pain started before that. I'm just wondering if any of you might have a similar experience that you could share, or any advice you could offer in regards to possible avenues/ideas for obtaining a diagnosis, as well as treatment options to try, or advice on how to handle Dr.'s in this kind of situation. Sorry for the rant, but I feel like it will be most beneficial for you guys to have as much info as possible, so feel free to ask questions aboutJesse
Jessie,
I agree.  Get to a rheumy and find out what's going on. That 'nothing' your doc said you suffer from does have a name.
Hey, thank you all so much. I just saw my regular Dr. today, and she did refer me to a chronic pain specialist. I had some blood work done the other day and that all came back normal. Right now she's having me try nortriptyline (anti-depressant) at night, and she gave me a few more vicodin, which I'm thankful for. She said that the pain clinic will be able to refer me to all kinds of different things to try. I've tried acupuncture once, and I'm definitely willing to try it again, and I'm going to ask aboutJesse
Hello to all who read,
Hi afloat,
Afloat - I think venting is the best thing you can do. When I do it I feel that some weight has been lifted from me. Let me say that I truely understand your situation and pain. I am in almost the exact same situation as you, but I'm a guy in the IT field. I have 3 herniated discs and have had surgery that did very little good. I understand aboutTake a look on Amazon for the reviews of these books and I think you'll see that others agree with me on how good the books are. I hope these can help and hang in there. Better times are coming :)

OK...I have been stressing about controlling the pain.&nbsp; I'm supposed to take one pill twice a day and I have had to take 2 instead each time.&nbsp; Now I am scared to death because I know I am going to be out of meds Monday.&nbsp; I do have an appt scheduled with my doctor but I don't know what I am going to say.&nbsp; Should I just be honest and tell him that I took too much medication?&nbsp; I am so worried if I do that, he will refuse to prescribe any more to me.&nbsp; On the other hand, I could go in and say that my pain is not being controlled with the meds I have and ask for some breakthru meds...which I can use to get me through the next two weeks.&nbsp; I am terribly upset with myself and I curse the fact that I got sick in the first place.&nbsp; If it wasn't for that, I wouldn't even have this terrible issue with these narcotics.&nbsp; Can anyone offer me some advice?&nbsp; I'd really appreciate it.&nbsp; I'm so scared...
Gramps is absoutely right. If your medication is not reducing your pain if you take it as prescribed you need to let your dr know this. If you are not honest with your  dr, eventually it will catch up with you and make you look realy bad in the drs eyes, so honesty is the best policy.


I'm sorry to hear of your situation, it is not an easy one.  I don't know what to say about dealing with the med shortage, maybe go through the withdrawal and at your next appt make it clear that the meds are not even close to covering your pain.  I have a situation where the meds are not enough and the doctor is raising them so slowly that I feel he is getting his jollies out of knowing I am suffering while he inches the dosage up.  If you have any meds left, keep some to taper down the last 2 days.  Space your remaining meds out as far as possible and the withdrawal will not be as severe, if you have any left.?.  It is up to you whether you talk to your doc or not, prior to your next appointment.  If you do, you may not have a pain doc anymore.... It is always harder to find a new doc after you mess up..  Just pointing out the hard reality.
I tend to agree with BoxerLover, you don't have to lie to the doctor but telling him that you took twice the amount prescribed may well get you banned.  I would just say that the meds prescribed are not nearly enough and see what he says--why make him distrust you? whitfield
You seem to have two choices and I'm not sure which one to suggest but the question I have is...what happens next month, and the month after?  What if it happens again if he up's the meds?  If you're going to lay it on the table you may want to tell him that you should have called a week ago when you saw you were getting into trouble.  Have you ever had any issues like this before?  Any other reason he shouldn't trust you?  Don't answer these questions here, just things to think about
Unfortunately, my disability cannot be corrected by surgery.&nbsp; There was an internal procedure that they could try to correct it, but it's already been tried and failed.&nbsp; I've been going through this for four years now and my specialist tells me there's nothing left to be done, and it's something I am going to have to learn to live with.&nbsp; The organ affected cannot be transplanted.

Hi,Any input will be much appreciated.
Hi, I worked on Vicodin for a couple of years, then as I developed a tolerance I needed to increase to a more powerful opiate, Fentanyl, and was still able to work.  I had no side effects from Vicodin that effected my work.  With the Fentanyl I would sometimes get sleepy in meetings where they would dim the lights for presentations.I hope this helps.  I also just want to throw in that, in my opinion your age has nothing to do with any of this....30 is young but not to a 19 year old, and pain is pain whether you're 30 or 50.
Whitfield and others,
ReHabNurse, If I have this right you suffer cronic pain, you just went through chemo, you raise 2 small children while going through a divorce with no child support?  And through all this you take the time to share your medical knowledge and loving support with all of us?  Well, you are truly amazing and we are lucky to have you.
I wanted to add my 2 cents here too. I think Rehab is one great lady and yes we are lucky to have her with us. Anyone who has endured what this lady has and has kept her sanity, I just don't know how. One thing I do know, she is a very strong willed person.
thank you guys who think i am a nice lady. wow, it's been a long, loooooong, time since i've heard some comments like that. so long in fact, i don't remember the last time someone gave me a compliment like i've gotten from my friends here. i truly think that no one can understand what chronic pain does to a person, until they live it. i wish that EVERYONE could live a week in our shoes, so that they would be more compassionate. I especially think nurses and doctors should have to sit in an ER and be labeled a &quot;drug seeker&quot; and be denied pain medicine so they know how we feel when we are treated badly by some not-so-nice health care workers.  i know that sounds cruel, but that's how i feel.

Rehab,
HelloI look forward to hearing what everyone has to say.
Hi there...Sorry for being so blabby today....I've been started on Lamactil and Klonopin for my PTSD and also Cymbalta and I finally see a bit of a change. I am praying it continues. Now, only if I could win the lotto or grow some money on that darn money-tree out back!!!! LOL.
I've had a walker for 3 years, although I rarely use it, and if I &quot;need&quot; the walker - I wont go out in public, I'm humiliated by it.  (I know I know I shouldn't feel that way but at 27 it just does)
I started with a walking stick.&nbsp; I like them much better then canes, because their height helps&nbsp;you to stand more erect and&nbsp;ease the stress on your back.&nbsp; Google the word walking stick and you will find some really artistic and interesting ones at moderated prices.&nbsp; From there I acquired the ever popular walker with&nbsp;a convertable seat.&nbsp; Again, they help ease the stress on your back and give you a place to sit when you have trouble standing for any length of time.&nbsp; Next, the power wheelchair,&nbsp; Your upper body strength with dictate whether you need a manual or power chair.&nbsp; Use the mobility aid that is appropiate for you. Take it from me - falling and injuring yourself is far worse then bruise pride ... one broken foot taught me that.&nbsp; I refuse to give up living life and stay inside of my home because of mobility issues.&nbsp; I want to participate with my family and friends and I will use whatever it takes to help me enjoy life with those I love.&nbsp; If you find yourself declining invitations, get yourself to PT immediately and get a good mobility evaluation.&nbsp; Family and friend will stop asking, if all you do is make excuses.&nbsp; We are all to young to be shut ins.
Stella Marie a cool idea, a walking stick.  I did a google on walking stick and it came up with a bug, so I then did a google search: walking stick for hiking.  Which gets you to the walking sticks..........
I suffer from chronic pain.&nbsp; After a recent appointment where I had to meet with another doctor at the practice because mine was on vacation, I was labeled as a drug seeker because I was asking for a new script.&nbsp; 
Wow! What a mess. Are you comfortable going back?  I'd get in touch with your state dept of health or insurance commissioner. Whoever you have that you could talk to about
Hello,
I am so sorry, I have no answers but I know your pain.&nbsp; Will the doctor at least give you something like muscle relaxers?&nbsp; That would at least make you not so tense over the pain.&nbsp; 
I talked to his nurse and she basically told me I am expected to just go by the prescript~Afloat~
Hi Afloat!

Hi again, Afloat!  Just noticed this note addressed to me, under a different post from you than the one I answered before...too funny!  I guess we are becoming good friends & &quot;thinking alike&quot;!
Hello to all,
I posted on the crohns site too, but, also wanted to here.&nbsp; I take Lortab 7.5/500 4x daily.&nbsp; We started humira hoping it would take care of my aches (entire body, neck, hands, feet).&nbsp; Anyway, it seems as if the pain meds aren't working well anymore.&nbsp; What would the next med to try?&nbsp; I really don't want to switch, but, I know something needs to be done.&nbsp; The humira is helping a little for the lower back stiffness but not the aches.&nbsp; I have an appt at the end of Sept &amp; wanted to be prepared before I talk to my gi.&nbsp;
Hi,
I know its frustrating to say the least putting up with CD and then have CP on top of it. The pill thing can really be a drag too, but lets face it, we need the pills whether its for one thing or another. I cannot take Vicodin/Lortab, its like speed in my body, actually makes my pain worse because it revs me up so bad, I end up in knots. I don't think the vicodin is for you since its not really covering the pain. By all means talk to your dr about
Everyone has given you great advice.&nbsp; I can only add that it tookd&nbsp;me many&nbsp;trials of several different medictions and combinations to come up with what WORKS for me.&nbsp; I think I trialed about 8 different medication and endless combination to arrive at my magic mix.&nbsp; Circa is so right in saying to have faith because they will find the magic mix.
thanks again everyone, I'm going to print this thread out so I can bring it to my GI appt.&nbsp; God Bless!
I want to tell all of you about a book that I am reading.&nbsp; I started reading it on the advice of my son's pediatrician; however, the second I started reading it, there were so many things that sounded like me.&nbsp; My son had a bunch of labwork done (he has been having anxiety related tics) and one of the tests was a sputum cortisol level.&nbsp; That lab came back extremely low and, because of that, my doctor wanted me to read this book before we discussed treatement.
Hi BBM3
Hi new here to the forum. I had a tlif spinal fusion in March, I had ten mg added to my meds twice a day. Then at three months when my brace was taken off they doubled it. Now they have just cut me back to ten mg about two weeks ago. I think this is unrelated...but just wondering. 
Hi yvette,
I was just wondering if anyone has tried with any success any non-narcotic pain killers. I have my first appointment with a chronic pain specialist at the end of the month, and I've been trying to research some options. NSAID's do absolutely nothing for me, and the only other non-narcotic pain reliever that I've heard of is Ultram. Any feedback would be much appreciated. Currently I have a limited supply of Vicodin that I got from my GP. I feel like I really need to take two, 3 times per day to control the pain adequately, but I don't have enough to do so, so I've been taking as little as possible in order to conserve. Also, any advice about
When i saw my family doc the other day we discussed possibly doing a nerve block for my back pain as we have been through most all possible other ideas has anyone ever had one before and did it work, he said there is a risk that i could end up in more pain that i am already. I told him i wasn;t sure yet. As for my knees i had them re x-rayed to see if there is more progressed athritis and then we will dicuss options he said that i was to young to get knee replacement sugery done but there are other options unless the x-rays show otherwise anyway thanks in advance for the responses talk later Twiggy2
I have nerve blocks all the time at least once a month their are many different kinds i have had sympathetic blocks and parapertebrial (sp) nerve blocks. the pain that the injection gives is nothing compared to the pain i am normally in that is why i have continued with it for so long. i say its worth a first try you wont know unless you try but make sure you feel comfertable doing it.Jeff
Howdy All,Glenn

Good for you Glenn. I had a tough time with college as well, but somehow I managed to make it through. It takes time and perseverance but you can make it if you put your mind to it. Good luck.Jesse
I sort of asked this in another thread, but I didn't really get any responses so I thought I'd ask again. I have my first appointment scheduled with a chronic pain specialist/clinic on the 28th of this month. As of now, I do not have a diagnosis, but I suffer from chronic back/neck pain and headaches 24/7. I feel like I need medication (at least for now) but I do not want to be labeled as someone with &quot;drug seeking behavior&quot;. Does anyone have any advice/info on what I should be expecting at this first visit? I feel like this has been such a long time coming and I just want to be prepared.  Thanks.
I checked out that sight, and I do have quite a few of those symptoms, but I've already had an MRI on my neck. Wouldn't they have found something?
Hey thanks Lucy. Yeah, my GP is not going to give me any more meds, I know this for sure. The big problem I think I'll be facing is that I have not yet received a proper diagnosis. The spine specialist basically told me, &quot;sometimes people are just in pain all the time and we don't know why.&quot; My GP isn't totally unsympathetic, but she definitely is against giving me meds, and would prefer to let me suffer, or as she puts it, &quot;just deal with it&quot;. I've never had good luck with Kaiser so I'm not expecting much, but who knows. I appreciate your advice though. I guess I just gotta stay persistent. Oh, also I just noticed that the pain clinic I'm going to is part of the &quot;chronic conditions&quot; department. So I don't know if that's any different than than where you were going.
Ride--In the 3-4 years I was at the pain clinic at Kaiser, they changed the name of the department, oh, something like 3 times????  First, it was Integrative Medicine, then Rehabilitation and something and I can't remember what the current name is.  I work in the health field and I am familiar w/this tactic--my take on it is that administrators think if you change the name of something it will be &quot;different&quot; or people will react differently or the stigma associated to it w/go away?  In pyschiatry people used to be &quot;patients, &quot; then they were changed to &quot;clients&quot; now they are called &quot;consumers&quot;--consumers, can you believe it, where are they going for treatment, Costco?  Anyway, your probably going to the same department I went to, just a new name.  The first pain MD I had for three years was fantastic, very empathetic (she disclosed to me she had a chronic condition herself), but unfortunately she left Kaiser to start her own practice (private pay).  The second MD I got assigned to was o.k., but from day one, she wanted to discharge me from the pain clinic b/c &quot;there's not much we are doing for you here.&quot;  What?  How about
 Curley
There are alot of interns coming into clinics and hospitals now . So when you get a new dr always ask if he or she is a intern . if they are then they will be moving on . So find someone else
Mel, some employers will offer to pay off a school loan as an incentive if a dr just starting out agrees to come and practice at a place for a certain time length. When my Mom lived in Kansas this was a very common thing there. Most of them had a minimum of 2 years that they stayed in Kansas. It was awful cause these drs did not worry about
Hello all,
Yes, there are pain meds that do not contain tylenol--I think the name brand of 1 type is Roxicodone and they call the generic's Oxycodone IR(Immediate Release)--I think they are available in 5, 15 and 30 MG but there may be others with more info--your doc should know--Good Luck--Roger
You say your pain is worse in the evening.Well if it was me since that was the case I would take the one in the morning and the two at night that was you will have better pain relief.I would ask your Pain Doctor befor doing so though.I am on oxycodone 30 I can take four aday and I am also on the pain patches  50's as well.Curley
I would try switching them around also. What difference is it going to make, you are staying the same dose only changing the time of day you take it. I am not a dr-call the pharmacist if nothing else. Susie
THanks for all of your feed back.&nbsp; I really do appreciate it.&nbsp; Most of you said I should discuss with my PM doc about him.&nbsp; He really cares and really listens.
Yes like some of the others said there are versions of oxycodone available without tylenol. The brand name is called Roxicodone and it contains 5mg, 15mg, or 30mg, of oxycodone released instantly. This may be what you are looking for, you may want to ask your doctor about    Circa
Hi everyone
So i am in my last class on friday. I went to my monthly doctors appointment, we stayed at 40mg Hydro Daily and put me on 4 50mg tramadol daily. This has been working out, but i'm still having pain "attacks" after days in class writing notes etc. When he&nbsp; gets back im gonna call him and see if i can get something basically for the week days as i dont have these attacks on the weekends.
I agree with Gramps.Now matter what you were doing he had no right to throw keys at you.Lord if it had been me I would have probley picked them up and theown the right back at him.No matter what he thought he was wrong and he should have to pay for his action as well.I mean look at this way if he had one ounce humanity in him he would have not pulled what he did.Do yes I agree he needs to be reported.because when some one thinks they have an upper hand they will continue to so uless it's niped in the bud.Curley
I would have told him that&nbsp;if he wants his keys back he can pick them up at the Deans office because that's where I'm headed to make a full report of your conduct.The man was just being a bully and&nbsp;needs a reality check.&nbsp;  &nbsp; Shame on him.
hi everyone. i am still waiting on the papers i am supposed to be served (if anyof you remember that)so I can't update on that. i left a message on the guys answering machine, but still not service of papers.
I'm sorry I was not clear. The sticker is MINE, not my mother's. However, I am driven usually by her, so it stays in her car. I hope that makes sense. Of course I would not use a handicap sticker that wasn't mine. 
I have never used a scooter but I did have to have a wheelchair for a year.I so relate to the disability sticker.I can't tell you the time's that elderly people have came up to me and told me that I should be asamed of my self.There was one time I was going in to wal-mart and this elderly women that aproched me and hit me with her purse and demanded that I move to another parking spot.I was at the time so swollen up that you could'nt tell what was my feet,ankles it was really bad but any when I started to get out of my car she looked down and seen my leg's and she looked at me and said I'm so sorry please forgive me.I told I would let it pass but next time she needed to stop and think aboutCurley
I have used the scooters and really like them. Yes, I have handicap plates on my car and even with a portable oxygen tank strapped on and a cane, I still get the looks, so I just given the looks right back. I am real good at that, ask my husband, lol. I guess because we are not blue hairs yet, we are not suppose to park in the handicap or use their darn scooters, lol. Susie

Hi mysweet10, I have bad neuropathyin my legs and feet, I use Neurontin and have some good relief, the dose I take is pretty high, I guess because of my size, (6' 5&quot; 300lbs) I take between 4000mg-5000mg a day when I work much less on weekends, I would recommend it 100%.   :)
Hi Ibby,
I am in my mid 40's have always been a high anxiety stessed out type person.&nbsp; I don't show it outside but I worry about a year.&nbsp; I don't know what happened.&nbsp; But one morning I woke up with pain in the Groin/Urethra sp??.&nbsp; It became worse over the next 6 months to the point that I was almost bed ridden.&nbsp; My entire abdomen prostate and bladder area were in pain.&nbsp; What was also odd was that the bottom of my feet and my thighs would become very hot almost like the sensation of a hot knife being driven in them.&nbsp; 
Can you tell me where your pain is exactly?? Is it strictly in your groin? Does it radiate anywhere?? Exactly WHERE is it? (You don't have to be shy...lol) Does it include your genitals? Your buttocks??
It seems that lately I am getting spasms all the time. No matter what I do, I end up with spasms from it. I get spasms in my back, hips, legs, feet, my calves, and sometimes even my hands. I hate that!!! I am on Valium and on Soma for the spasms but they aren't helping much anymore. I am frustrated!
Lucia ~ Welcome!
Skexatin did absolutly nothing for me.
I woke up this morning in excruciating pain, pain is a 10 in my right hip and it was so hard to get out of bed to go to the bathroom. I finally broke down and called my doctor's office for a script
 Anyways hugs!  And good luck!
&nbsp;  &nbsp; I &nbsp;have had soulder problems for over 2 years and neck problems for almost 2 years. One day I bent over to pick something up and my shoulder cracked. I had surgery for a torn rotator cuff and 4 weeks after while I was still in a sling was a passenger in a car accident and mess up my neck and also my shoulder again. I had surgert done again on my shoulder a year and a half ago,pt for 18 months, 4 pain mang. shots nothing has helped. I am in constant chronic pain. My dr. wants to go back in and do exp. surgery on my shoulder. I don't know what to do? I don't know if I have a choice? Any advice?
Well, I have officially lost the last thing I had to my name: my house. The sheriff's sale was today. Today was also my graduation day from my third degree program. I was trying to advance my nursing education so I could get out of bedside nursing. A very bittersweet day, although, really no one congratulated me about
Hello Rehab Nurse,

I love the trolli sour gummy worms but I am pretty sure they are the cause of cramping... Anone else have problems eating sour worms or any kind of candy?
Truthfully with me just now being diagnosed I have to go through all the foods that I eat and re-try them to see what really effects me. I know that I don't really care about
They have a tendancy to cause constipation and some gas pain BUT not in everyone!
You guys don't have to give up chocolate completely, just have it once in a while and make sure you eat a high cocoa content (80%) or more because it has antioxidents and that's good for you, the higher the content the less the sugar!!  So there's still hope for chocoholics like me.

anyone have an allergic reaction to humira?&nbsp; if so how long did it take before you took first&nbsp;dosage to when you broke out in&nbsp;a rash or itching??&nbsp; Started end of october and beg of january red rash all the time all over my face and parts of my body.&nbsp; Not sure if the rash is even from that.&nbsp; &nbsp; 
yeah i went to allergy dr. yesterday they have no idea we are going to start testing for food allergies next sat and then as soon as i get off steriod then we will start testing for other types of allergies.&nbsp; Steriod will make results not accurate. 

Yes, the only side effect I have gotten from Humira is the all-over itching, for me it starts a few days after my injection, and lasts about
anti tnf drugs are known to cause psoriasis in in some individuals (even though it is supposed to help it in others). I was on Remicade and got a itching rash that 2 dermatoligist said was psoriasis or possibly escema. Stopped taking Remicade, even though it was working well for the crohns,&nbsp;as it was so bad, was embarassed to wear shorts. Never had it before the Remicade.&nbsp;Have since started Humira and am hoping it does not flare up again. Have gotten a few&nbsp;small red spots on my legs, to early to tell yet what will happen. So far have taken 4 doses. Dermatoligist said it may or may not come back with the Humira.
I'm dealing with a fungal skin infection from humira.  Recently got a fax from the manufacturer at the pharmacy I work at that stated anti tnf drugs can cause these as well.  Just thought I'd put this out there.  Rash started with remecaid and got worse on humira for me, however, it was treated as psorasis for 2 years!  Switched dermatologists this month!
moodindigo-  My &quot;rash&quot; starts out with little red bumbs (not pus filled), then becomes flaky and the bump kinda spreads out.  As it starts clearing up, I'm left with a flat surface ring that looks like a ringworm but is not.  Then the bump goes away.  The steroid creams the derm gave me for the last 2 years somehow helped &quot;somewhat&quot; to keep the rash at bay...probably by reducing the inflammation some, however, with the steroid creams the rash never went completely away.  The way I was able to tell for sure it was fungal was by rubbing a small area of the rash with mineral oil to protect the skin and then applying a crushed clove of garlic (has antifungal/antibacterial properties in it) to the affected area once a day.  The area immediately responded by improving!  I once cleared up oral thrush with the garlic applied to the tongue (without the mineral oil), once a day for three days!  You have to be careful with crushed fresh garlic though because it burns and of course it stinks!  I did try 
I got diagnosed with Rosacea as a result of starting Humira. It got better when I started an unrelated course of flagyl and the new derm doc told me they give flagyl for rosacea so that's probably why it seemed better. He put me on a steriod cream to clear the rest up (called Finacea) and it seems to be helping, albeit slowly.

I'm sorry, westcoastwingnut. What a disappointment.
Zena, I had a major reaction after my 4th remicade infusion, but have had no major reactions to the Humira, aside from a reddish bruise/irritation at the injection site that usually fades within one week. Fingers crossed for you!
ZenaWP - don't stress out.&nbsp; I was at the dermatologist yesterday discussing the pharmacology of both Enbrel and Humira, and although they are both Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) blockers, they operate differently. She specializes in drug interaction and alergic responses to medication, and she said she has seen many people allergic to one or the other, but never both.&nbsp; The only thing common to all TNF blockers are fungal infections in the skin as a result of lowering your immune system.

8 weeks on Humira is a good start.&nbsp; I was happy on it until the end of month 4, and then the rashes/hives started.&nbsp; Really slowly, over the course of weeks to develop once it started.
Yes, and that's an important thing to remember, isn't it? Perhaps we should all keep knocking wood whenever we say we've had no major problems with Humira, no matter how long we've been taking it.
Nope, absolutely  no side effects (Remicade was a nightmare for me!) and my 10 week and finally kicking in!  hang in there. Good luck. Takes 3 weeks to 3 months to start working!
I am allergic to Latex but have not had any problems using the syringe for the humira.  The pen was much more painful than the syrings by the way.
I'm in my 4th month of Humira. For most part it's great, although I keep having allergic reactions.  When I take the shot, I have no problems, other than the pain of the shot (which usually goes away after a few minutes).  As if on schedule, tonight (aboutthis is mostly a nuisance, although it was embarrasing at the beach this summer walking around with big red welts on the my thighs.  I will try the garlic mix.  Hope it works.
I think I'm having a reaction to Humira but I'm not sure. I started taking it in march, and within about a month, I felt a little burning sensation on my left wrist. It gradually got worse, we stopped it in July. My arms now feel like they have been burned in a fire, and it has also spread to my abdomin, hands, legs and feet. My skin doesn't look any different, but my veins look darker. In 2006 I was hospitalized for serum sickness with Remicade, but the Dr assured me that I wouldn't have any reaction to Humira. Someone please help!
Yes that was the first test they did, and it was normal, they also tested my B12 (280) and A (45) levels, also ESR Westergrin (1), Merthlmalonic acid (105), Homocysteine, Cardio (9.4)  All normal.  
I get an ENORMOUS welt with each injection. Seriously, if I do it in my stomach, I look half pregnant, and if I do it in my thigh, my leg doubles in size. And, it's hard, itchy, and very annoying.  My doc wants me to increase to weekly too which sounds like fun.
Hi there, just one question:
Can any of you tell me how long it takes, once you stop coming into contact with Humira, for this rash/hives thing to go away? Made a few phone calls today and it actually lines up perfectly with when my husband started Humira. Thank you.
I just started Humira 2 weeks ago for rheumatoid arthritis... developed rash on my torso on day 13, and day 14 spread all over body.&nbsp; Mayo dr. has told me to take Prednisone to 40 mg for 1 day then taper down, and to add Benedryl.&nbsp; After rash is gone, he's starting me on Remicade.&nbsp; I was on Enbrel prior to this without any problems, but it stopped working after about 4 years.&nbsp; 
Wow. Good thing I found this thread. They are planning to start me on Humira. I think I might just go with a surgery instead because the hives and acne scare the hell out of me. I have bad acne as it is. This will probably throw me over the top.
was on remicade 4 years and got circle red rashes that looked like burns. now im on humira for 5 months and just noticed two of the same rashes just like the remicade ones. the first time i took humira, 12 hrs later i developed a rash of tiny red bumps all over my back, benadryll took care of it and that doesnt happen anymoreproud mother of 2 :)

Hello Grammy,I really hope you feel better very soon!!  Did they find anything?
I am also allergic to sulfa.  I don't think that barium is sulfa based.  But I could be wrong.  Now I'm going to have to go do some research.  But it would seem to me that since it is in my medical records as an allergy they couldn't give it to me without at least letting me know.
Just thought I would share my newfound knowledge from the Journal of the American Medical Association (a very reputable, rigorously peer-reviewed journal in the medical world)...
Good to know, and in my opinion, kind of sad... I had read the paper from 1996 and it seemed promising.
How long after your last dose should it take. Im wondering when I should expect to have a problem while weaning, If I do have a problem..
A friend with RA who has a lot of experience with Pred told me that it can take 6 months or more for it to totally clear your system.&nbsp; Last week I finished tapering for the 3rd time in a year.&nbsp; I've had a headache for days.&nbsp; The other two times I developed joint pain about two weeks after my last dose, but I haven't been able to stay off the stuff long enough to figure out whether that's my new "normal" due to CD or if it's a reaction to the Pred that will eventually go away.&nbsp; I'm hoping that it goes away (if it comes back), because my Rheumy's solution was tramadol, which I HATED.
Hmmmmm. I read that prednisone has the half life of 1 hour. I would think it would be fairly quick for you body to metabloize it.

sr5599 is absolutely right.  The hard part is your own body needing time to start regulating itself again.Sj


As Broomhilda said, a full year.&nbsp; My doctors, yes all of them, insist that I wear a medic alert
My new Doc started me on 40mg yesterday. My old Doc would prescribe a taper, right on the bottle it would have me starting with a higher dose then tapering every 2 weeks... I liked that but this doc is different...
I'm not sure how long it takes to leave your body, but I know that when listing your meds (for doctors, etc.) you're supposed to list it if you've taken it in the previous 2 years.

I have been taking prednisone for skin inflammation, and I was wondering about
Good God, but the headaches and fatigue are killing me.  I think it's the medicine itself, not the withdrawal, though.  Down to 5 mg now so at least I'm sleeping at night, but I can't wait to step down my dosage again!  Wednesday will not come fast enough...
So I have gained weight from being on prenisone for the past 9 months, now that I have tapered down to 15 mg a day I am seeing some of the weight come off :). The down side is that it has thinned my skin so severely that I have huge painful stretch marks on my abdomen, thighs, and under my arms. Even with losing weight I seem to be getting more. Has anyone else had this skin issue due to prednisone, and if so which products did you use to counter or improve the effects.
Hey, neat, Shellz! I'm 19, too. :)... *Going on 20* :)
hey celey we should chat! being the same age I am sure we are encountering similar issues!
Vitamin E oil rubbed on the stretch marks may make them fade and improve the health of the skin.  Also, because Prednisone interferes with sulfur metabolism, it causes the middle layer of the skin to thin and weaken.  To correct this, try taking MSM and/or eating foods high in sulfur (broccoli, cabbage, olives, eggs, meats, etc.), and also make sure that you are taking a Vitamin C supplement because the layer of skin affected by Prednisone doesn't heal real well without Vitamin C.-Razzle
Have baths with Jojoba oil. I dont know if I spelt it correctly but it is great and the dermatoliigist told me it is the only oil that penetrates into the skin.
hey shellz&nbsp;   7-8 months and put on loadsa weight. they gave me stretch marks nearly everywhere. arms, breasts, hips, thighs, calfs. and i hate them! being a young woman its not nice to have giant red marks everywhere. i have never got used to them and just hope they fade really well although i dont think they will.&nbsp; i have tried bio oil. have you heard of that? it has lots of things in to help with the elasticity of your skin and works really well for some people. i have tried it but not used it religiously which i should have!lol&nbsp;
You can also put bio oil in your bath.
Shellz, if you enter your email address in  your profile, Celey should be able to access it.
Anyone know any good headache relief for a&nbsp;prednisone withdrawl induced headache&nbsp;  &nbsp;&nbsp; I have been taking prednisone for the past month and a half and I am currently on my second taper.&nbsp; I have such a wicked headache that arrives on schedule everyday at noon.&nbsp; Nothing seems to get rid of it and my stomach is killing me and my face looks like a round ball!&nbsp; Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!
Sorry you have to go through that.  Prednisone was hell for me.  Going off of it I too had the terrible headache.  I think I took a variety of things, including migraine meds.  Also some anxiety meds to relax me from the shakes.  Hope you feel better soon.
mersyndol -my med of choicefor big headaches...sold at the pharmacy BEHIND the pharmacist's counter because of its properties ..not the pharmacist's properties the meds lol
I am finding that I have to go down 2.5mg every 3 days instead of 5mg every 7 days, as my doctor's tapering schedule proposed.At the ER, where I went for one of these headaches, they gave me 2x 500 ml bags of NaCl IV fluids, Maxeran and 2x Extra Strength Tylenols.
Yesterday was a horrible day for me with diarrhea. I have diarrhea every day multiple times a day, but yesterday it just wouldn't let up. I wasn't able to go to sleep til almost 6am. And to top it off I started bleeding again. UGH! Here I am now...I've been awake for about
I'm so sorry you have to go through this Clos!  I've been through it before, and am experiencing it to a lesser degree myself at this very moment.
Really sorry to hear your feeling so bad. (((HUGGY))) the best I can come up with. Drink a mouth full at a time, if you finish a bottle in less than 2 hours your probably drinking too fast. Same with food. Probably read that advice around here somewhere ...
well I heard back from the GI doc's office. all they can think of is for me to do a stool sample. I have to pick up the paperwork and stuff tomorrow. I asked for tips or something to at least relieve my symptoms and nothing. so I wait. blah.
see if you can have codeine phosphate prescribed, works well for me, drink and eat little a lot
http://www.netdoctor.co.uk/medicines/100000565.html
Closure--I agree that a doc really needs to see you.  In the meantime, perhaps you can bring your diet down to lots of clear, sweet, and warm liquids.  Chix broth, gatorade/powerade,  boulliion, apple juice, white grape juice,  tea with honey, lollipops, popsicles and lemon ice if the cold doesn't bother you. Try the immodium too if your doc has suggested it.  It works wonders for me.  After a day or two of liquids, then try soaking your break or crackers in the broth and adding soft foods.  This is what I usually do when I can't kick the D.  I do hope you see a doc soon.
still sick...this is going to be a long day.
My butt start at aboutHang in there! ((((HUGGY))))
Closure you sure are having a bad time, arent you!!!  I am so sorry you are feeling so bad.
I can't believe the doctor who saw you for the cyst didn't see what bad shape you were in and give you an IV or something.  My primary will treat my crohns when my GI isn't around or if I just get in there faster.

thanks guys. I'm still doing pretty bad. the bleeding started up again last night, but it's not as bad as it's been. just not feeling right. crampy, my butt hurts from going to the bathroom so much the past two days, tired. I haven't heard anything yet on my stool sample. my family doc wouldn't do the bloodwork even though I tried my best to plead with her over the phone. still have the lump, not any bigger though so that's good. just one big mess.
A few days ago, I was really nauseous all day, and later vomited. This has happened to me before, but only once or twice, then everything goes back to normal. Well, this time it hasn't. I haven't been able to eat anything more than a few bites a day without being nauseous the rest of the day. It's much worse at night as well. I did go to the ER on Saturday, but they found nothing wrong and said it was probably just a bug. Now, I would be willing to believe that, but I'm not feeling ill otherwise, no aches and pains, fatigue, etc. that would accompany a stomach flu or virus.
is cream of wheat for us or bad for us? i have been eating&nbsp;it for breakfast lately&nbsp;because of the smooth texture, and it just looks like it would be soothing. i&nbsp;have also been having a&nbsp;fairly nasty&nbsp;flare. the flare started before the cream of wheat, but i am having persistent pain, morning and night. i can't figure out whether i am hurting myself of helping myself by eating this stuff. 
I don't know about
I never felt like cream of wheat bothered me. It didn't cause any pain our obvious symptoms. No foods caused overt symptoms, unless I over indulged in something like french fries or raw veggies/fruits. But since I've gone on SCD, my constipation has disappeared, which in turn has nearly eliminated bleeding (my hemmeroids, fissure, and fistulas are improved). My intestines feel pretty happy all around, and don't get crampy anymore. But why did I improve? Was it the elimination of gluten, lactose, starch, or sugar? Or was it eating lots of homemade yogurt? Or was it eliminating junk food and processed food? I wish I knew what the culprit was, but don't want to change my current eating style to find out ;).
Ok, so May 18 is the day.&nbsp; I just realized that will be the first day of aunt flo!&nbsp; I can't imagine anything more humiliating.
I've had colonoscopies done during my periods, I get put to sleep so it doesn't bother me and the GI is a doc so I think he's past being grossed out by a chicks period considering what he does in his line of work LOL.  I never wore a tampon during my scopes either but as far as I've known it wasn't an issue for my GI that I had my periods during scopes, so don't worry about
I'm just thinking about the prep, the day before and how hard it is to begin with.&nbsp; I will be a pmsing hungry maniac.&nbsp; I have to wait until 3pm the next day too to have the test.
I had mine done during that time. They said it would be fine and it was so....not really much to worry about
I used an ob tampon without a string. That made it more comfortable to know know one would see the string hanging out. If I were you and couldn't use a tampon I would remove my pad at the very last minute. The actual procedure doesn't take long enough to bleed out. (hopefully) My GI says he deals with it all the time. good luck25/ Female DXed Crohn's 1/09


wear a pad..with undies?&nbsp; don't they come off and does it get all messy?
I don't wear a tampon either. They took care of it somehow and it wasn't an issue :)
Bring some wipes with you...I do that anyway...it feels gross, cause my body is usually spitting out stuff after the scope...gas, mucus, other fluids 
I had both a surgery and a scope done while on my period. And I woke up both times missing my tampon! Haha! The last scope I had I just told them I was on my period, and they gave me this gigantic pad that was like 3 feet long and 2 feet wide. I felt like I had a diaper between my legs, and when I woke up from that the pad was gone! Those darn tricky doctors!
Well it seems to be a non issue now.
I am so happy I found this thread I have a colonoscopy due on the 18th August and just checked if things go to plan I will be on my 2nd day of my period usually im bang on time im so not looking forward to drinking the prep and all the fluids you have to take with it I never drink that much fluid all day never mind in 2 hrs then another dose of prep and more fluid I dont know yet if it will be a morning or afternoon procedure they will let me know 3 days before hand but I was starting to stress out that I would be on my period I just want this over and done with as I have had unexplainable diarrhea for 3 months now I have unconfirmed IBS,  tablet controlled diabetic and also family history of that word in the bowls so just a bit on the worried side :s
So those on it,&nbsp; just curious what little side effects your seeing, if any?&nbsp; I know we are all different and going to see different things.&nbsp; Just curious is all...&nbsp; 
Hi LBJ, as my husband always says &quot;try to look on the bright size&quot; and of course that's easy for him to say as he isn't living with Crohn's only with me.  However, you did say that your trips to the bathroom were FEWER and that can't be overlooked.Darilyn(Omigrandma
When I was taking it on a clinical trial, I would get big white whelts at the injection site.&nbsp; Once or twice, I felt like I had a little trouble breathing afterwards, but it always went away and I don't really know what caused it (could have been something other than the Cimzia).&nbsp; I just started back on it a couple of weeks ago and have only had one small white injection site whelt.&nbsp; Other than that, no side effects...feeling better, actually.&nbsp; 
I have been taking Cimzia for almost 3 months. Big difference in regards to the Crohn's symptoms. I feel much better. The only thing is that I bleed easily. Got flu and pneumonia shots and bled like crazy. Doing the injections (after the first 2 loading doses) I bleed like crazy. A paper cut is really bloody. Before...not an easy bleeder.&nbsp;&nbsp;I am freezing cold all of the time too... getting chills all of the time.&nbsp;My dr is having me get my clotting and blood count tested. Other than that...I feel better than I have in years. I have even resumed eating some fruits and veggies. I love this medicine. Much better than Remicade or Humira. 
  &nbsp;Can anyone give me advice on how to keep loose stools out of the fistulotomy wound? I tried wiping every way and I ALWAYS get a fair amount of 'poo' in the wound&nbsp;&nbsp;which makes it&nbsp;HURTS SO BAD. 
Hello,
I've been on Remicade now for three years. I get my infusions every 8 weeks. In this period of time, I've gained 60 pounds. I work out 4-5 days a week and no matter what I do, the pounds continue to pack on. I was wondering if anyone had this problem. Is there anything I can do, short of stopping my treatments? Anyones help would be most grateful.
Charlee,Thanks for the advice. I really do hope all goes well with you too.
Thanks for welcoming me. I'm not really new to CD, I've had it since 2001, but diagnosed in 2006. But I am new when it comes to talking aboutAlso, what is the deal with the joint pain? My pinkie finger has been real stiff and painful. Is that a side effect of CD or the meds?
I too am on remicade. I have been on it for two and a half years now and my treatments are every six weeks. I have noticed that I have gained sixty pounds also since my treatments started, and I am having a VERY hard time losing it.  I weighed 150 lbs when I was diagnosed and Gained thirty pounds the two years I was on prednisone and other various pills used to treat crohns.  When I started remicade I weighed 180 lbs and then I shot up to 220 lbs.  Over the past few months I have been watching what I eat very closely (which is difficult since a lot of the &quot;healthy&quot; foods like salads and fruits are high and fiber and irritate my crohns) and I have lost ten pounds. However, now I have hit a plateau.  So I know how you feel!
I'm sorry you're going through the same thing, but at least I know I'm not alone. It's very stressful and very depressing. Thank you for sharing that with me.
It is frustrating and depressing. My Dr actually told me I needed to work out more. I go to the gym 4-5 days a week, I work my butt off. I wasn't  big before I got sick, but now, like you said, I can't stand to look in the mirror. I don't know what to do. Sorry for your pain as well. PLease take care!
I started out 5'8&quot; 140 lbs ( female ), and after a couple of Remicade infusions I gained 15 lbs. I was switched to Humira, and gained another 25 lbs in 6 months, consuming less than 1000 calories a day. :(  I'm very conscious of what I eat, and now eat very little - much less than I used to even when I was 'dieting for weight loss', since I cannot deal with any more weight gain. At my most recent Rheumy visit, the doc remarked that weight gain was a very common side effect for those on aTNF's. It is extremely discouraging - none of my clothes fit, so I had to buy new and go up several sizes, and I feel, and look, like a blob. And the aTNF's do *nothing* for my overwhelming fatigue. So depressing.
OMG! I am so glad I found this page! I've been on remicade for 4 years now and I have gained alot of weight. I know it has to be the remicade because when I started getting my infusions I started gaining weight. I talked to my doctor about this, but she told me that I need to try and lose weight, stop eating so much,workout, and then she told me it's not because of the remicade. I know deep in my heart I do not over eat!! I am a healthy eater. Also I am a active person. I am never sitting down. I think i'm gaining weight because of this stupid medicine. But I can't stop taking the medicine because then I will get sick.
&nbsp;
We are not medical doctors, but I have noticed a sun sensitivity, but I also have the lupus like syndrome from some of the meds, so it could be that.  I would take the precautions about
I am sure you will be ok with going on holiday but as mmmnavy said as well you can have a sensitivity the sun, take plenty of precautions with you, use high factor sun screen and maybe try and find a shady part of the beach too. I went to South Africa when I was on high doses of preds and it was between 25 deg C and 30 deg C, and I was absolutely fine, drink lots so you dont get dehydrated as well.

i live in southern california and am a surfer.  niether crohn's or prednisone could stop me from being a beach bum.  i was on a med to treat the severe acne prednisone gave me. that made me tan super fast as it  made me sun sensitive.  it was the dead of winter and i had the deepest, darkest tan of my life.  i looked like i had just spent a few weeks in hawaii or something.
Randynoguts tell me it's not true. My sister died of skin cancer and I've started producing some as well. So what are we supposed to use now? What a world, sell us stuff for 50 years and then someone decides to do a study?
as most of you might know, have surgery in Jan.&nbsp; after surgery Dr tried twice with 6mp but i could not tolorate it.&nbsp; Had nausa, loss of appetite some pains lost 13 lbs in a few weeks.&nbsp; Dr did scope me last weel and did find active crohn's already back but felt it was not severe to cause problems.&nbsp; (biopsy confirmed crohn's) so he stopped 6mp.&nbsp; Now, the next step
Well, I can tell you that none of the medications will fix a stricture.  Strictures are scar tissue, and once there, the only way to get rid of them is surgery, as you know.
Good point, it's got to be inflamed before it can turn to scar tissue.  So if the inflammation can be knocked down before it goes to scar tissue, it can clear up.  Thanks for clarifying that.
Hi all,
Sorry you're having such a rough time with the prep.  That's the one that I can get mostly down before the vomiting sets in.  If you are mostly clear, then I'd go.  I'm sure this isn't the first time the doctor has to deal with so so prep.good luck
This may be too late to help DragonFly but perhaps it will help others.
They took Osmoprep off the market?&nbsp;&nbsp;When did that happen?&nbsp; I just took that stuff in March for a c-scope.&nbsp; Well, here's to hoping I never need another scope.&nbsp; 
I had to use Golightly for my prep...ended up only getting down half of it and vomiting twice. Luckily I was going clear at that point for aboutGood luck
Well ..... Suprep was a "Bust" for me!!!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I seemed to be pretty cleaned out after the first prep, but when I took the next one, it was all brown again.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Seemed to be ok after a few hours, but by morning when I went, it was all brown again.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; What was totally high up must have finally worked it's way down.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I called the doctor this morning and she said to come in anyway, that they can do irrigation&nbsp; and work that way.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Well ... after the colonoscopy, she&nbsp; told me that the whole colon was coated with feces.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She had to constantly hose it and look for polyps.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She found two pre-cancerous ones on the right.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She also said most pre-cancerous ones are on the right.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; She removed them, but because I was not clean, I have to come back in ONE year!!!&nbsp;&nbsp; OMG ... I can't imagine doing this all over again!
ALL colonoscopy &quot;preppers&quot; MUST keep in mind how vital it is to drink LOTS and LOTS of clear liquids regardless which prep they use!!!!!!My computer says I need to upgrade my brain to be compatible with its new software.
Just curious to see if anyone's used it, and is it horrible-tasting?   I couldn't find anything on a search of old posts.  Thanks!!!8/10 - Doc dx me with Crohn's!
&quot;Suprep should not be used in patients who are allergic to any of the product ingredients, or patients with gastrointestinal obstruction, bowel perforation, gastric retention or ileus.&quot;Never trust a fart.
YIKES!
Oh I feel your pain. Did a prep aboutLaughter is the brush that sweeps the cobwebs from our hearts...
First time colonoscopy. Could really use some help with how to take (and keep down) Suprep. I am already nauseated on almost a daily basis.. That's why I'm being tested to find out what's wrong with me. Any hints, tricks, or tips from you experienced preppers would be so much appreciated. 
I don't know if this will get to be seen, I hope so...
Hi all! It is so nice to be able to check in here after almost two years away and see familiar names! For those that remember me, I am still doing very well.  I have switched jobs to a smaller firm and I'm very happy there.  My 2012 resolution brings me here, however.Hope all is well with everyone else! Glad to see that the HW community is still going strong!
I've been struggling with constant mucous and a horrible taste in the back of my throat since mid-December.  First, I was attributing it to Prednisone, but I have been off of it for a month.  I have been on two rounds of Flagyl, so I though maybe it was that, but I finished my second round of antibiotics on Sunday, and the taste/mucous is still there.  I take omeprazole daily. I do burp a lot, but I am not having traditional heartburn, so it doesn't seem refllux related.  I also did a two week course of Diflucan, a few weeks ago, because my doc said that I had some yeast on my upper endoscopy in Sept., and it may have been that.  I also even tried antihistimines to see if that would work.  So I am at a loss.  Nothing seems to be working, and it's driving me a bit crazy.  My GI doesn't know what it is.  He said to wait awhile, and if it doesn't go away, then he can do another  upper scope, but I don't know how useful that would be.  I'm wondering if it just takes awhile for the Flagyl icky taste to wear off.  I'm feeling much better overall.  Any ideas for something else for me to try???  ThanksMEDS: Pentasa- 6 500mg pills per day, Omeprazole,  Xanax for sleep, Phenergan, Domperidone, probiotics
I've been taking Humira for the past 2 years.  I recently as of 4 days ago stopped taking the medication due to the side effects were getting to me and the medication just stopped working. My doctor said I will most likely have withdrawal symptoms.  Anyone have them and can explain the symptoms please?  Also, I might switch to Remicade.  Anybody go from Humira to Remicade and like it better?  I am scared of the side effects Remicade will have and does it cause weight gain too?  Humira made me gain 20lbs. I don't want to gain more weight.....Please help!
I have a stomach flare up or to be more accurate a gastritis flare up. I vomit, am nauseated and my stomach hurts very much. I know this feeling very well. Food makes things worse so I just take Ensure to be able to push Nexium,  an anti-ulcer drug and Entocort.  But I'm flaring after 4 days of skipping Pentasa, Rifaximin and the probiotic. Since two months,  I have started a colitis flare up so I can't bear skipping meds.  How do you take your oral meds if you are 100% sure you will vomit them and your stomach will hurt more? Def I'll try to see my GI but till then I need some advice. Your replies are highly appreciated.
This is the first time I was really sick when I have had crohns (Just a head cold and some congestion in the chest).&nbsp; I found that I flared bad....&nbsp; Is this normal?
I've been through a lot of tests trying to diagnose my GI issues and recently had a GI small bowel follow through.  It, along with my Prometheus panel, colonoscopy, and endoscopy were all clean.  As a &quot;cover all the bases&quot; move, my Dr. had me do a capsule endoscopy to clear my small bowel.  My question is, is there really any chance that that all those other tests missed anything/Crohn's?
&quot;Very small signs of Proctitis which was attributed to the prep&quot;, folic acid, vit. D (2K iu), flax seed oil (2 tsp/day), mesalamine enema as needed. Gluten free as of 5/30/11. Colonoscopy found no evidence of inflammation on 8/16/12.
Hi everyone i'm new to the forum...(i'll write out my whole story the next time i post) i just have a quick question about all my problems with crohns. so if you splurge on popcorn is it really that bad for you? i eat pretty healthy and im on humira(which is working pretty good).
Hello All,Hang in there guys & gals!!!
Thanks for this site and for your informative narrative.  I posted on another area but got very little response and desperate.  My daughter just had seton placement and is experiencing a great deal of pain.  She tells me it's unbearable pressure - not pain.  It happens just before she has drainage.  The pressure builds up and then once the discharge comes, the pressure is gone, at least until the next one.Can someone please tell us if this is normal????  According to her surgeon, it is..
Sorry to keep obsessing aboutMEDS: Pentasa- 6 500mg pills per day, Dexilant, Metamucil, colace, miralax as needed,  probiotics .25 xanax for sleep prn
Hi Everyone!  I had a resection in September and lost about this, but what are your thoughts?
I'm new here and iv been scared these past couple of days. I'm 20 years old and have had Crohn's for 11 years now. I've been getting green stool with watermelon like black seeds in my stool as well. it started of with brown stool and the seeds and the third day i woke up with green stool and the seeds. i haven't eaten any seeds cuz Crohn's and seeds don't mix so i watch out all the time. I've also lately been getting bruises from IVs and blood test that are huge and that stay for a long time. and my inr(blood clotting) is high as well-anemic
We wanted to let you know about
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Infusion, or Day 1:
 
I have Crohn's and I do Remicade every 6 weeks.  I have just learned that my uncle has acute leukemia.  Can I donate bone marrow?  I would do anything to help him.  If I can do this, I would in a heartbeat!
The purpose of starting the original thread was to share with folks links/research that 1) supports using SCD to go into remission and 2) to point out how incomplete the research is on drugs that GI's prescribe and 3) to point out that the GI association guide is written by docs who are at least partially funded by big pharma. Dave
My doctor did my colonoscopy, and advised me to see him in four weeks after having the Prometheus test.   The literature for the prometheus test raised a lot of red flags (I have a background in medical fraud).   The offer to cap your test, the fact that they have ready made appeal letters, and that the test is only provided by a laboratory franchise that specializes in any number of questionable lab workups.    it.   His nurse didn't seem to want to discuss my questions.
Hello all. I have never posted on these boards before; I simply useLet me know if anyone has any questions!
I have been suffering for awhile and have tried everything to avoid medication but have hit the wall and need advice.  I have tried Prednisone and usually feel good the first few days after taking but then the horrible side effects kick in and my crohns symptoms persist which for me is chronic fatigue, lethargic, IBS, foggy brain to name a few.  I am by no means as bad off as most crohns patients and am thankful for that but what I do t want to do is neglect it and my condition worsens in my Ileum.  So my question is mild crohns and the inability to have any energy daily and feeling lethargic constantly should I try Humira as my GI is now suggesting I try?  I hear the side effects can be bad.  Is it worth trying and should i be scared?
Every two years is what most recommend if you have no symptoms. I'm getting a bit concerned because I haven't had one in almost 4 years and my doctor is reluctant to do one since I have a lot of scaring. We shall see what he says the next time I speak to him though, because I just went from feeling great to feeling miserable.
Ok so I might be jumping the gun, let me backtrackPlease excuse typos. Usually post from my phone.
Has anyone ever had slight ALT elevations from either humira or mesalamine?
I don't know what's happening lately and don't know whether these are Crohn's or Remicade's gifts. I have vaginal itching and burning sensation and there are white flakes there. I searched this in relation to Remicade and it turned out Remicade causes vaginitis. I don't want to take any oral meds. It's enough for me what I already take. My fistula is acting up, too. So, I have itching and pain all down there Failed:Azathioprine (generic), Methotrexate
I know that a lot of people with Crohn's diagnosis can eat foods with fructose, mainly fruits without any problems, but I can't eat them. It's been happening for years now, started after my Crohn's diagnosis and have worsened over time. Thanks in advance.
Hi everyone! Thank you! Hope to hear from you!
HiThanks
Hello fellow health seekers,
Just an update as of 9/1/17 Stelara doesn't seem to be effective for me that i can tell. Still blood , diarrhea, urgency, accidents etc.... on to Chinese herbs. Just wanted to correct this post.I failed 6mp, humira, remicade, entyvio, 5-asa, pred, you name it!! I started Stelara on 3/14/17 I take my shot on 5/9/17 and since the infusion day in March, instantly all my aches and pains went away!! Every day since I truly have been happy!!! I only took Tylenol for my pain and some days I wanted to die before Stelara. I had arthritis pain as well. I had bad side effects from humira , then entyvio, remicade did nothing, but one hour infusion of Stelara I was brand new. I take herb lax at night to clean me out. It helps. If I miss a few days I look pregnant and feel backed up to my throat. I'm miserable. I'm still on prednisone 5-10mg a day. After next shot , I will be off pred. 
I'm pretty Have you come up with a polite way to honestly answer the question, without needing to go into more detail than you'd like to disclose?
Hey guys so I am going to update this at the end of every day so you can see my progress for yourselves.Hope this is the end to my fistula nightmare
Hey Dimitri, I really hope this helps you and many others prepare for and deal with their surgery. 
Hi Zoe, nice to hear from you again!!
Anyone know of Docs / Clinics in the Twin Cities (Mpls/St Paul ) or 5 state area who are likely willing to go outside prescribing biologics that helps drive towards better Crohns life tolerance via alternate approaches?   Or do you have any ideas that may help?Again, any ideas?
I recently had a illiostomy takedown on the 13th of October and am having burning diarrhea that starts about2017 takedown
Is there anyone here with experience on Long-Term Disability Insurance as provided by employers?  My company has an insurance policy (administered by private insurance company) which covers 60% of the monthly base pay for up to age 65.  It provides peace of mind.  But I do not know how difficult it is to claim under this long term policy.  I would imagine private long term disability policy should be easier than to make a claim under Social Security Disability policy, right?
I think I'm in remission....maybe...don't know.....close perhaps??IVIG on occasion.
Hi everyone.I'm from the Middle East and This is my first post on this forum.Before everything, I just want to apologize for my bad English and this long post 
Hi folks. In accordance with straydog's request I am beginning a new thread rather than replying in the old one. Hoped you like the pictures folks :p
Afternoon folks :p  growing veggies. If I could eat veg in abundance I would be interested in planting them too :-/
No, they don't. So stop with the insinuations 'cos they are not making you look good.
You just might have to comb your hair if you go on the dating scene 
Thanks for letting me join. I was diagnosed with Crohns 15 years ago. Initially I had alot of pain. My circumstances changed and I had a lot les stress and have been pretty much symptom free apart from diarrohea til now. I have a rectovaginal fistula. Now I have a Seton. Can anyone tell me just how long its likely to be there. I will be commencing Humira shortly and then the GI will be adding methotrexate. Does this mean its all downhill from here.
I have to have my gallbladder removed next week. I had several inches of my colon and small intestine removed 8 years ago (Crohn’s related of course). The surgeon will try to remove my gallbladder laparoscopically. However, he did mention that if I have too much scar tissue from the resection, he will have to do an Thanks!
Hi to everyone and to Nofistulas, DBrookenz, Karen, Memmem, Jasontch who have paid particular attention to the FiLac matter. I hope you are well, looking forward to your news.If any of you reading this are going through a similar process or have anything to add, please give it a shout! I am very interested in hearing your news. All the best and get well.
Hi Dimitri,I hope you are doing good,interesting study..I visited my Csr last week,he mentioned the same percentages and I was surprised.That he worked and talked with the guy who first started using laser in europe and that the results got around to %50 percent a while after the +80% success rates in the beginning.
I was diagnosed with crohns at the beginning of January 2018. This is very recent. It is mild and we caught it early they said. My symptoms were never bad and the GI didn’t even think I had crohns but we did the colonoscopy to be sure. I started taking 500mg of pentasa the day after my official diagnosis. Since taking it, I have used the bathroom less frequently, but the cramps and sharp pains has gotten much worse. I am even having cramps and pains that I’ve never experienced before. I am also taking concerta for adhd. I still haven’t been able to pinpoint whether it was the concerta or pentasa that has caused my loss of appetite and weight. But aside from that, my symptoms are getting worse. I’m going to my GI either this week or the next. If i’m taken off pentasa, what steps are next? Thank you
I posted here around 8 months ago complaining of ulcers. Had 2 endos and a colonoscopy that &quot;cleared&quot; me of chrons,however I have never been the same after the ulcers(they couldn't find the cause).After every drink/meal(even water). I feel the urge to go to the bathroom and I get terrible stomach cramps,when I actually sit down to go,nothing comes out(sorry for the graphics description). Does anyone have any idea what could be happening?
 
I'm just after some advice. A year ago I got a personal abscess. Had it drained twice and then an advancement flap. It didn't heal and my specialist examined me under anestbetic.  He said the flap looked fine but there was a small internal opening high in the rectum. He used a staple to close it and I went home to recover. Unfortunately it's not healed again and I have same symptoms. My question Is, what next? Does anyone have experience with high rectal fistula? I get throbbing pain a few hours after every bowel movement and constant pus. I'm scared that this just can't be fixed. My specialist seemed pretty confident the staple would do the trick. I don't have chrons.
I am going to have a tooth extraction next week, then months later, receive a dental implant.  Has anyone had one before, I mean with Crohn's?  I am low on Vitamin D.   Would that matter?  Thanks.
I had an appointment with my CRS yesterday and the outcome was what I expected.  Sometime in the next month I'll be having surgery to remove everything &quot;south&quot;  of the stricture in my distal colon.  Yippee?I'm going to start doing as much research and reading as I can to get myself ready.  Hopefully it will help take off the edge of this anxiety I've had since I left his office yesterday.  I hate this DD.
Is unbearable. I'm 5 days from resection surgery now and this by far the worse than all the GI symptoms and other pain. It's not supposed to last this long and apparently there is nothing you can do about it but wait. How long have you experienced it for?
Tomorrow is B-day. I am waiting for my daughter to come drive me to the ER. I either have a stricture, large mass, or I swallowed a tennis ball in my sleep. Have finally given up eating and GI's office said I need to have a CT scan. Not in much pain except if I drink water.
Hello all! Catinkers &lt;3
Hi guys,Thanks!
Hi I’m after some advice could just be my anxiety on overdrive here - I’m female 37 I used to be overweight with PCOS and endometriosis at 28 life got stressful I dropped to underweight with anxiety panicking attacks and severe bowel issues mainly not being able to control when I go - now I cycle between that and severe constipation severe lower back ache and bad nausea wind and when constipated I wake up throw up what I ate the day before more or less as I ate it 
Well this time there was evidence of crohns. I have ulcers in stomach which look like crohns ulcers. And i have a lot of inflammation in my rectom which is also the source of my bleeding and lower back pain. They took 6 biopsies.
I haven't been here in awhile I have been trying the natural way, I have been slowly improving. the only thing I cant eat pizza, any spaggetti, pork, and eggs.. I ate 3 Rubens this week lol. This is what I did. First my dr discharged me because I refused my 5th colonoscopy in 2 years, my cancer dr(my biopsy was normal  .
Hi ,  I have not been here in a very long time because I've felt great since my ileostomy back in 2010.  Lately though, I've been feeling pretty crappy.  Before my surgery back in 2010, my disease was only in my rectum and large colon.  I'm not sure how I would feel if my Crohn's should come back in my small colon since I've never had disease there.  I've had so much output in my ostomy, and the sounds it has been making is quite embarrassing.!  Also, I just feel so weak!!  My body aches to the point of me not wanting to do anything.  My insurance has changed and I need to find a new gastro.  Has anyone else been in my shoes with feeling great for a long period of time and then all of a sudden, boom here we go again!
I had my optometry reversal at the end of June My GI is 4 hours away and I don’t see him until Mid April.
Has any of the fella's ran into an E.D. issue with the Humira injections? I'm new to the product and hoping this isn't a common problem.
I was diagnosed with chron'd disease about getting the weight loss surgery. I would like to know if there are any others out there who have had the surgery and if they have had any complications with it. I've read many pros and cons but no one has actually said dont do it or saod there doctor said it would be a bad idea. Any help would be appreciated thanks
I had my second bowel resection surgery last year in June. The surgeon removed some of my small bowel and a fraction of my colon. Since then, I have been pain-free and been eating to my heart's content (no restricted diet). In the last month, I have been experiencing pain in my lower left abdominal area. How frustrating! I am on 8 week Remicade generic and 6-MP. I also take FloraStor and Culturelle plus some yogurt. What's going on? Never ending!. I am seeing my GI next week.
I was diagnosed about
Hi All!It's all sh**s and giggles until someone giggles and sh**s!
Hello everyone I am new to this and found this as we were researching for my daughter. She was diagnosed with Crohn’s about this? I can’t find it. I have tons of questions! I do have to learn how to navigate through this
Hi posted the other day when calprotectin wasn’t back - well it came back because I got a call on Monday evening to collect my appointment paperwork to book gastro referral and see someone end of April he was referring me anyway but they never ring they just post out an appointment months away if not important - I phoned again and asked for result they wouldn’t give me just the gp note of satisfactory which I’ve looked up as terminology as not normal but ok for circumstances so could mean absolutely anything.
Hello, my name is Lolita Papacosta and I'm doing a research for my Master Thesis in Clinical Psychology. The topic the Thesis is &quot;Emotional Traits of IBD Patients&quot;. We are interested to find out if certain emotional traits could be predisposing factors for IBD.
Just got done taking Uceris for 3 weeks to help with a Crohn's flair. I actually didn't notice that it helped me all that much. Still had some issues. But now I'm dealing with some other issues that I assume/hope are from Uceris and that they'll go away in a few days. Any one experience: headaches, achy-ness, extreme exhaustion, pressure behind eyes?
I have always had problems in my upper abdomen I am undiagnosed and have suffered from terrible bowel issues. I feel a hard lump in my abdomen, I can't see it physically but sometimes it feels like someone is squeezing really hard there and other times it feels like just a hard clump sitting in my abdomen in the upper left it never goes away
Did anyone else's stricture feel like a giant hard lump sitting in you abdomen at all times? Sometimes it feels like it's being twisted and squeezed? Is this normal?
Had a flex-sigmoidoscopy yesterday. I have 10 cm in my sigmoid colon that the GI could barely get the scope through. Bad stricture.  He said he had to push really hard. I also have severe diverticulosis in that area. So, I am on antibiotics trying to reduce the inflammation if it's from an infection. {I don't think so.} If that doesn't work, then off to the surgeon.CD, Ankylosing Spondylitis, small fiber peripheral neuropathy, avascular necrosis, peripheral artery disease, pulmonary hypertension, degenerative disc disease, asthma, severe allergy and a host of other medical problems.
I am new to this disease, was just diagnosed. I have my CT today to see how far it has progressed. Trying to find a medication that doesn't cost an arm and a leg. Make to much to qualify for extra help, but not enough to afford $200 a month for meds. Any suggestions?
https://www.acsh.org/news/2018/03/22/parasitic-worms-block-high-fat-diet-induced-obesity-mice-12744
I am having a lot of discomfort with 3 setons that I currently have for a horseshoe fistula.  The knots migrate into the wounds causing all kinds of issues and I hate them.  Went for a second opinion and the doc said, well, you need the setons, they are saving you, but if they are irritating you, there's really no reason you can swap the 3 mm rubber bands for 1 mm silk threads.  I was like - why the hell not. swapping out.  Can anyone think of why I should not do that?  Anyone had it done and had good results?
So my kids and hubby have had a mild stomach bug this last week (some diarrhea, a tiny bit of not wanting to eat much).  I haven't really caught it, I don't think, but I have been having a fair amount of nausea and stomach pains (but no diarrhea).&quot;For this thing I besought the Lord thrice that it depart from me. He said, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities; I take pleasure in infirmities, reproaches, necessities, persecutions, distresses, for when I am weak, then am I strong&quot; 2 Cor
Hi everyone,
My son is 18.  He was diagnosed with Crohn's disease nearly 2 years ago in his small intestine. He was put on infliximab which worked really well for him.  He now has infusions every 8 weeks. Over the last 6 months he has felt less well.  These are his symptoms - fatigue, 'brain fog' (he feels he is not able to concentrate or study like he used to do), loss of appetite, stomach discomfort.  Whereas he used to feel fine after an infusion now he feels bad (dizziness, tiredness) for 24/48 hours after it.  We have been to see his consultant who says his levels are normal and his Crohn's is not active. However he is cannot play for his football team as it makes him too tired and often cannot go out with his friends for the same reason. Does anyone have any advice or has anyone has a similar experience?
As we are nearing the flu season, I am coming down with a cold (the online doctor said so).  I do not feel comfortable at all, which reminds me whether I should get a flu shot for the next flu season.  I never had a flu shot during the past 20 years, because I fear the vaccine will &quot;waken&quot; my asleep immunity system, and trigger huge active inflammation in my intestines.  I only come down with a cold or flu once every 2-3 years and this time is the worst, as I am getting older.  20 years ago, I had two hepatitis b vaccine shots, which coincidentally put me in a really severe Crohn's flare.  I know this topic has been debated many years ago, and just want to get an update.  Thanks.
I was lying on the sofa, twittering away tweetily on Twitter, when an urge struck me out of the blue. I tried desperately to hold it in, but it was as as futile as trying to persuade a Brexiter that Brexit is a bad idea. I had to get up, clean myself in the shower, bung my newly washed jeans in the washing machine for 30 minutes at 30C (no idea if that's enough, but didn't want to do a whole cycle for one pair of jeans), and rinse the stain off the sofa. I suspect I'm flaring again; something auto-immuney is going on at any rate. CRP is up to 24, from a baseline of 8 over the last three years. Been getting random hip/lower back pains; oh, and my creatinine is slightly high. Also been having regular night sweats. So yeah. Dunno whether to leave it or get in touch with the IBD nurse and ask for an appointment. The brain fog is real too :-/
Hi my name is Verona i was diagnosed with Crohns four years ago and after almost every medication and all the pain I am getting surgery. I am so scared and have been crying trying to sleep for the past two hours. I know this is is something i have to do but I dont want to end up back in surgery. At first they told me it was only going to be a small piece of the ileum and now there is three sections to remove and i have an abecess. I am just so scared honestly. If anyone has any tips or advice it would be amazing and greatly appreciated.
hi i am also diagnosed with CHROHNS recently, as i am waiting for the biopsy after of my colonoscopy. i can stop my depression now. the feeling that i can live again a normal life.. as a simple woman who is trying to work here in UAE for my family future, i dont have any health insurance to assist me.i cant accept to fall on this.. as what i have seen from the symptoms of chrohns.i never yet experience except for the bloated and acidity but not all the time. my BM is normal 1-2 time a day. one day i saw a huge  blood in the toilet which made me paranoid.yes the doctor told me i have internal hems because i feel the burning and itchy sensation near my anus. the other thing he discovered  i have multiple ulcers in my right small intestines and he considered already as IBD. he prescribed 6 kinds of medicines for the inflammation. CIPRO,METRONIDAZOLE, ESOMEPRAZOLE  domeperadone for my acid,daflon formy eroded hems and budenofalk. i am scared totakeallof this in a long term as he told me that once to check the result of biopsy he will give me a proper medicine. i am scared for these medication.i am planning to have a baby this year but how can i continue my life with this illness i am planning to do alternative meds as i dont want the side effects of the medicines
After some struggles with my disease recently, there is one final issue that I am consistently having: dehydration. I was in the hospital aboutThank you!
Welp, I'm waiting on a call back from my GI that I'm assuming will say &quot;No more Remicade for you.&quot; are a reject chemotherapy from the 1990s and an organ transplant drug that's even older.
I am newly diagnosed with CD.  Been bad for several years but not diagnosed.  Treated with Cipro and Flagyl for several years until it got where I had to just live on those drugs.  Got a GI doc now - Seems really good - took him a week to diagnose.  Started with 9mg of Budesonide.  That allowed me to get off the antibiotics which is certainly a step forward.  But that is mostly all it did, no antibiotics and I am not bad sick.  Moved this week to Uceris - which is name brand form of Budesonide and added Apriso.  I am in to this for three days now.  Docs say that I should know something in a week.  Humira is being discussed.  Can anyone educate me a little?   Is Humira the best next step?  What should I expect?   #1 QUESTION FOR REAL....If I get in control, will I get my bubbly energetic self back that I have missed the past 4 years??   Thanks.
So been on stelara for about 5 months.  All seemed well. Now 8 bus with nothing but blood.  What to do?
Hi all! I'm 34 and diagnosed with Crohn's just 4 days ago on 3-27-18. I will try to keep this as short as humanly possible and keep it simple to follow. Any advice, comments, opinions are very, very much appreciated!!!!
Hi, everybody.Live as if you liked yourself, and it may happen. -Marge Piercey
Most people here probably won’t believe me, but I am cured from crohnsit seems. I’ve had two colonoscopies two sigmoids three blood tests all showed no signs of crohns in my body, it’s been over 3years now, haven’t taken a single pain med nothing but using a very potent cannabis oil. Haven’t even used that in 5 months. My only issues are so many surgeries that I do have 8 1/2 ft of small bowel removed 47 years ago so I can get bloated and gassy but that’s it. Hard to believe but I can tell in my body it’s not there. I can eat anything no restrictions. I have scar tissue that’s a mess. All these tests were in a hospital. I’ve had two obstructions, but that was from scar tissue not directly caused by crohns, two different hospitals all tests came back the same, no crohns detected
Around the time I started taking magnesium glycinate (I have never taken this form of magnesium before) I started to get much more rectal bleeding. 
Some years ago I have used fluconazole to treat a stubborn candida infection that was due to steroid usage. My doctor prescribed it, and it cured that problem. Has anyone had a similar experience with fluconazole or a similar antifungal drug?
HiDoctor keeps sayiing not sure what to do.
I have had a cold for 9 days.  The fever is gone by now, but the cough would not go away.  I am taking Flovent and hope that will help my cough.  No easy solution and I feel it is worse than Crohn's.
Hi GUys,please give me an advice if its possible not to go for ct scan
I had my first bowel resection surgery (hemi) back in 2001, which was an emergency one due to severe strictures. Between 2001 and 2017, I had on and off painful cramping and bloating due to intestnal scar tissue. I also was on 6-MP. Last year, I had my second bowel resection surgery, which was elected in order to remove some of the damaged small intestine (aboutSince my second surgery, I still have not had a normal bowel movement. In addition to meds, I take Culturelle in the morning and Florastor at night. Bowel movements have been loose and, at times, urgent. How long does it take for my remaining bowels to adapt? Or, is this my new normal? I tried taking Metamucil, but that resulted in close calls because of the added fiber.
Surgery day is finally upon me.  Tomorrow I'll be having a proctocolectomy at 7:30.  So it's all becoming quite real.  But after spending the past few days with stool pouring out of the rv fistula uncontrollably it just reconfirms this is the right thing to do.  Haven't been the least bit nervous until now.  Don't think I'll be sleeping much tonight.
Hey guys, been gone awhile (as I’m prone to). Went into remission for about 5 years after my first bowel resection. It came back maybe 2 years ago but hasn’t gotten bad again yet so I’m just maintaining on pentasa for now. Met a boy, got married, got pregnant 😍😍 Now as D day gets closer I’m getting freaked out. Even without Crohns I’d be mortified by the possibility of pooping during delivery and tons of people (none of whom have Crohns) have told me it’s no big deal. However, you guys know there is a BIG difference between Crohns poops and regular people poops lol. One doctor told me I’m ok to take Imodium occasionally while pregnant if needed. My current plan is to have some Imodium in our hospital bag, at home, and in my purse and to take it as soon as I go into labor but I have no idea if this will help. Anyone else given birth with active Crohns? Anyone tried taking Imodium before and did it help? Or have any suggestions? Thanks in advance!! ❤️
I know it's a long-shot, but has anyone participated in a trial to treat their fistula(s) using mesenchymal stem cells (i.e., those harvested from you)? Here's to being a guinea pig!
Hey NCOT, it's been a bit since you have checked in. When you get a chance give us an update please.Moderator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums
Hi there first time here. Recently diagnosed with Crohn’s 12/17. I will be going to my 3rd Remicade infusion ending of April 2018. I am also on iron and prednisone medication. Currently prednisone 10mg every morning. Didn’t have this acne situation until Remicade. All over my forehead cheeks and chin. I feel so much better gut wise I have even  gained weight and can eat most foods. But this acne is just aggravating. I started “Differin” about
Hi All,Jake
I am totally happy with the decision for the surgery when it happened... like you said, this could have been so much worse!! I guess thank God my body was telling me things were worse than they ever have been... because it was being honest.Supplements: vitamin D, zinc, b12, multivitamin
Hello, I was wondering how many of you are on disability and have had to do a Continuing Disability Review and the results of it.Please if you can, let me know how yours went
Despite a little blip a few weeks ago, my bowel continues to do well.  2-3 times all normal.  If my stool is loose or if I go 4 times I take 2 imodiums and fibre to head off anything worse.  I'm eating and enjoying foods that I could only dream off; have gained 30lbs from last year  ( too much!!) and have been told how healthy I'm lookingIVIG on occasion.
Hi everyone,Best to all, good healing and keep on fighting!
I've been pretty solid since getting a resection about
I've had a rough past with Crohn's medications (started off with 6mp and remicade a few years back), but last summer, the remicade impaired my immune system to the point where I caught a nasty bug and had a fever for 2 months straight. I was hospitalized for 21 days. Good news came from it, though! Once I was all better, they did a colonoscopy and found that I was in remission (Hurray!). Fast forward to NOW, all of the classic flare-up symptoms are back. Labs said CRP was at 33, and my fecal calprotectin was over 2000 (YIKES).
Hello everyone, I was diagnosed with crohns almost 4-5 years ago after a peri-anal fistula. I had diarrhea forever but never thought much about ur symptoms early so that you can prevent complications. I have moderate to severe disease- I think it leans more towards the severe version.
Am I correct in understanding that the LIFT procedure removes the infected anal gland, therefore ending the abscess?IVIG on occasion.
Is Remicade every 8 weeks for a limited time or is it for life ?
Hello All,I'd be interested in gaining anyone's perspective on HBOT!
Two months ago I had a colonoscopy which showed all inflammation in my ileum to be gone thanks to being on Remicade for the last 10 months and I had been feeling fairly good. Last week some of my old symptoms started returning, extreme fatigue and joint pain. Yesterday I started getting stomach pains, lots of gas and borderline diarrhea shortly after every meal.   I am scheduled for my next dose of Remicade this coming Wednesday (have been receiving Remicade every 8 weeks but just got changed to 6 weeks because I had complained of the drug wearing off after 5 or 6 weeks. Blood test showed level of Remicade after 7 weeks to be at 2.9 and Anti Body level of 59. Does this mean the inflammation in my ileum has returned or is it possible to get these symptoms without the inflammation. I also hope that this does not mean the Remciade is starting to not work. Has anyone experienced anything like this?
Hi all, 
Hi all, 4 years before I could finally get a diagnosis. The symptom I experienced was a rash on my hands, fingers, elbows, knees, and tops of toes, sometimes my face and neck, and back. The rash looked like mosquito bites and would spread and worsen with sun exposure. Sometimes my fingers would turn red and swell to the point that I couldn’t bend them. It has taken a long time for the symptoms to stop, but I recently went on a trip to Florida where I was in the sun for 8 days and the rash has returned. Has anyone experienced something similar and can offer some info on how long it took to completely clear up even with sun exposure? I’m worried this may be a permanent side effect! I will also add that the drug company, dermatologist and rheumatologist have said they have no idea when it will go away completely because everyone is different...thanks in advance!
So as most know, I had a major bleed, taking 6 pints of blood.  Now that I am back and we are starting the recovery and discovery of what happened, I asked my GI aboutI am so glad I have such a thorough GI and PCP. And they are working together.  Long term I am not sure I even can or want to go back to work after th 6 months.  This episode has been a wake up call and I know I need to stop being the tough guy
Ive been passing only thick mucus. Isnt that a symptom of chrons? I was suppose to have seen my gi dr for a colonoscopy follow up this past friday. I couldnt go because my medicaid was revoked once again. I just didnt have the cash to pay for visit. Now im going to have to cancel my appt with the new gi dr for a consult appt. Also im gonna have issues with getting my meds...cymbalta and gabapentin and vit D 50,000iu and diuretic. I guess when things get severe i will just go to the ER.
Need a GI in Portland Oregon or surrounding area of Hillsboro or Beaverton.  Prefer someone that mixes eastern and western medicine . Bonus points for a female but willing to have a male GI if really good with an excellent bedside manner.
Stuff like this is so frustrating. This is literally the opposite of what most Crohns docs would say. No one knows what they're talking about http://www.bwhcrohnscolitis.org/ibd-101/nutrition-diet/foods-to-avoid-flares/
Hello, Thanks,Maria
Are You Currently EVER Such A RUSH You Do N'T Have Enough Time to Think about
I just came from the GI doctor today. I have been suffering from nausea since last week. I am at a point where I do not want to go to work. I teach, I cant imagine being in front of my students given my current situation. I am fatigued and nauseous all the time.going to see a psychiatrist tomorrow. My fellow Crohnies what antidepress have helped you? I am at my wits end. I am currently taking Pentasa. Any suggestions will be appreciated. I am tired  and I miss being active with my own family.
I have been feeling anxious abouthave ileostomy probably permanent
Well i saw the physician assistant this morning. I told her about my other symptoms like vitamin deficiencies and extreme fatigue and pain. She said i dont know what is causing your symptoms but its definitely not CROHNS.  She said crohns is a chronic disease and my pathology reports only show acute issues. What am i to do? I think im just gonna stop taking all my meds and let what ever happens happen. That way i can start over with someone NEW. Im sick and tired of feeling the way i do. I just want to go to sleep and not wake up. Im just not able to keep up and do the things i use to do. My husband fusses because i cant even keep the house clean enough. My kids fuss because i just not able to do the things i use to do with them. Sorry i just had to vent a little. Im just at my wits end.😢😢😢💤
I had upper and lower scopes today.  Maybe my brain is still foggy from the propofol, but I can't seem to process the results.  I know I need to wait for biopsy results, but anyone able to help me interpret this?  I have another Remicade infusion tomorrow (currently at 10 mg/kg every 6 weeks)&quot;For this thing I besought the Lord thrice that it depart from me. He said, My grace is sufficient for thee: for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore will I rather glory in my infirmities; I take pleasure in infirmities, reproaches, necessities, persecutions, distresses, for when I am weak, then am I strong&quot; 2 Cor
The stiffness of my back turned out to be caused by a severe muscle spasm of the whole back. Saw 2 orthopedists and had an X-ray which showed nothing. One of the orthopedists decided I should have sessions of physiotherapy. Neither of the 2 orthopedists accepted to prescribe any med or painkiller for fear it might trigger my Crohn's. So, I saw my GI who put me on weekly B complex injections for a month, the generic of Lyrica and Celebrex. Failed:Azathioprine (generic), Methotrexate
I used my Humira pen as usual, there was a instant loud click (louder than normal) I felt the needle it was more painful than usual  and I can still feel the injection site now,, nothing seemed to happen so I pulled the pen away instantly there was no fluid like on a previous miss fire so I don’t know how much went is as I don’t think the needle was in long enough to actually inject, I’m mainly confused as the window has gone black not yellow as previous please advise
I am on Stelara and have hair loss. I take biotin, biotin forte, and bio silk. It used to help but since Stelara it doesn't seem so. Any suggestions?
So my GI said I need to be out of work at least 6 months.  So while I was already approved for 2 weeks away from work by the disability company due to my emergency hospitalization, we had to start the lengthy paperwork for the longer term.  I started sending info to the case manager, including a listing of every surgery the past 10years and the names of every doctor.  I asked for her to call me.  I also left two separate voice messages restating the same and asked for a rerturn call.  I have yet to hear anything.  My initial approved leaves ends on Sunday and according to the insurance company I am suppose to return to work on Monday.  On Friday, I got copies of the forms the GI sent in to support the 6months.  I placed a call as I noticed that they had not sent in the requested copies of all tests, labs, dr office notes, rx and such.  The office called me right back and said they were working on that, but that comes from a different place and they wanted to get the info to the insurance company quickly so I did not have a problem on Monday.  But get this,  she went on to say that the claims adjuster had already called asking for the same info.  But, the adjuster flat out asked if it was truly necessary that I be out of 6 months and why someone with anemia needed so long.   She asked the nurse to discuss with the doctor and call her back.  Plus, She wanted another letter from the doctor. Really?  Like the form he filled out that specifically stated 6 months long with my issues and the number of treatments was not enough.  He needs to write it all again.  Meanwhile, here I sit with no approval and no return call.   Like the adjuster is a doctor.  I mean this is crazy and not helping me get better.....Thanks for letting me vent
Diagnosed with Crohn's aboutYou must advocate for yourself, do not give in, be persistent, make them listen.
I find at the end of the work day I feel very warm and my face gets red. Anyone know what this is?
Hi all, Gastro Doc just diagnosed me with Crohn's, but I'm very confused, my symptoms don't seem to match the typical Crohn's symptoms. I've had a barium swallow, an abdominal ultrasound, and a ton of heart tests (all normal). Does this sound like crohn's :/
I had a few deudenal ulcers about
Had a thorough eye check-up at the hospital today - and both eyes are uveitis free! I can't remember the last time this cursed disease wasn't present in one eye or the other. Told the doctor I reckoned it was the recent sunny weather which had helped, and that my uveitis was much better in the summer. Hadn't meant it as anything except a passing comment, but the doctor told me with a surprising amount of animation that, no, it wasn't the weather which had helped, it was the steroid drops. I said I know, but it was the weather as well - we argued back and forth over that for a couple of minutes &gt;_&gt;. Anyway, so yeah, for now my eyes are in the clear.
Hi! First of all, I have not been diagnosed with Crohn's disease. I have, however, had an anal fistula. Which is just now, after 14 months, resolved (almost).I mentioned to Dr. Kaufman and Kris this morning that I was thinking of posting my experience, because I saw so little that helped me when I was deciding whether to do it. They said please do it, it would help a lot of people. I hope this helps people.
Hey guys,Thanks for your input!
Yesterday, had my CT enterography to check on the crohn’s after my major bleeding a few weeks ago.  On my 60 + mike drive home I started to feel my heart racing jd had some shortness of breath.....yup, a fib reared it’s head.  So got home and took my heart rate and blood pressure.  Bp was all over the place and heart rate was running in the 130-140 range with me taking heart rate medications.  Called the pcp, they suggested I take another pill I had and recheck in 30 min.  If above 120 to go to Er.  So of course ended up in the Er.  They have since admitted me to the hospital.  The afib is back under control with i.v. Medications.  They also gave me another bag of blood some hemoglobin was steady at 7.8.No results back from the  ct scan yet either.
Last June I had my second bowel resection. about an hour before each meal and take one Culturelle in the AM then one Florastor at night. I've been going to the restroom once a day in the morning between 8 am and 10 am. That's it! Plus, the stool seems to be more formed than before when it was loose. Hopefully this works out for the long run. However, any issues with taking 6 Immodiums a day?
Hi everyone! I was recently diagnosed with Crohns and have been put on Budesonide (Pulmicort, Entocort, Symbicort) 3 mg, 3 times a day. Has anyone every taken this? Does it cause weight gain or any other symptoms?
So this was one of the things that has had me extremely anxious and panicked for the last few weeks. My GI doc who I felt was fantastic and the absolute best doctor I've dealt with (treated me like a person, good at solving issues when they came up, always listened, worked well with my other doctors) decided to leave the practice. I was invited to continue being his patient at the new practice. I even put off scheduling my remicade infusion because he told me he would let me know where to go for the new one. Well with a week to go and no word about it. I thought it was one thing I had sorted out in my life and could stay steady while I deal with other issues. Doctor-shopping was not on the to-do list and my pcp may be leaving too. All it does is bring back how much trouble I had in the past with finding ones that worked.  Anyone else go through this? Thanks for listening to my rant!
Hi. I've posted here and there and have appreciated  all comments and advice.
I saw a CRS 2 hours away with the hopes of starting the stem cell study soon.  I was saddened to learn that the study won't be available in Canada for a yearIVIG on occasion.
I started taking turmeric three days ago. I mix a teaspoon of powdered turmeric into a glass of water and drink it. Once a day. Someone on another Crohn's forum said this helps his Crohn's.P.S. Should I take it on an empty stomach?
I was diagnosed with collangeous colitis recently.  The first two meds my specialist prescribed I can not afford.  The third I seem to be non responsive to.  At this point I am getting desperate.  I am up anywhere from 2 to 9 times a night.  Even plain white rice seems to have a reaction to so I am eating little to nothing.  I don't know what to do.  I cant function and don't know what to do.  Any suggestions?
Hi all - I am currently having Crohn’s flares off and on again for the past year and a half or so. I have been on doses of Enticort here and there which has helped. I’m not on anything else aside from Pentasa. (I had a bowel resection over 12 years ago, and was doing great after that until aboutAny suggestions?
I have been living with Crohn's Disease for a little over 40 years. I still have problems today and they have not changed a bit in 40 years. I have never been in one of these forums.  I recently thought, however, that at my age of 75 I might be able to help a younger person who is new to this troubling thing that we have to live with.  There is no question that I use many swear words at times and have even invented some new ones, when I have an accident.  I have learned that one of the biggest helps to me has been to use humor about it. If I can live with it for over 40 years with all of the hospitalizations, tests, poking, prodding and poopy pants causing such embarrassing moments, you can too.  Keep a smile on your face and make fun of it as much as you can.  It is something you can live with if you deal with it with a few swear words and a smile.
I want to use nicotine gums or nicotine patches as a stimulant. I know smoking tobacco is harmful for Crohn's; but what about nicotine alone?
Hi ! It's my first time there. I was lurking about
It happened last night, twice. It was deffo normal blood and not menstrual blood (besides which, my period isn't due for another couple of weeks). Also had burning when passing the bloody urine, plus an annoying urge to go which wouldn't go away. Anyone else had bloody urine before? If I wait another hour I can phone the GP surgery to make an urgent appointment, which I suppose I ought to do. Not like I'm getting any sleep. On top of developing a UTI (or worse), I also had my heart profoundly broken. Yes, I've had better nights. No, I didn't react well.
Hi - I am 60 and just diagnosed with Crohn's a few days ago. I really noticed my anxiety levels increasing as my symptoms ramped up. So before I even knew I had Crohn's my anxiety was spiking. I just wonder if having Crohn's can cause anxiety biologically. Thanks 
Heading into my tenth (yes, tenth) surgery since last January to tackle a complex perianal fistula. The doctor is finally ready to go for the flap. Originally had a large perianal abscess, and multiple fistulae. While some of the fistulae were surgically healed, ive had a seton in one last one since last summer. Undiagnosed Crohn’s meant the fluid collection from the abscess wasn't healing. Now that i am on Imuran, the inflammation has gone down and the doc thinks i am ready for the “final” surgery!Anything would be much appreciated!
Hey there. This is my first post on any forum. I was diagnosed with Crohns January 2017 and have been on Remicade and Humira, both of which my body developed antibodies to within a few months. I just had an ileocolic resection at the end of March and just started my first dose of Stelara today. It makes me nervous to have only had Crohns for less than two years and already have gone through all of this. I really hope this one helps me.
Hi everyone, hi Memmem.I will update.
I have a really long story & complicated medical history, but I'm going to keep things short & to the point as to not turn people away. I am so desperate for an answer. 
Saw GI today post surgery to get things started for stelara.  Crossing my fingers it works since there isn't anything else out there I haven't already tried. I just love this wonderful disease
Hi everyone! I joined the forums hoping to get some feedback about
I have been on Remicade for 2 years, and a few months ago I started getting severe joint pain and swelling in my wrists, knees, elbows etc.. The pain and swelling moves around. I called my GI doctor and he had me get bloodwork to check for Remicade antibodies. He called it a Prometheus test. Anyway, he called a couple of weeks later and said everything looked fine and to continue my infusions, but to see a rheumatologist to check out the cause of my joint pain. So I got a referral but can't get in to see a rheumatologist for 6 months. In the meantime my pcp did bloodwork that showed a positive ANA and possibility of lupus. He then sent me for the anti-dsDNA test and it came back positive, suggesting lupus. So I had been hoping that my pain might be caused from the Remicade, but the Prometheus test for antibodies had been negative. So I am really confused. If the Prometheus test shows no antibodies to Remicade, does that mean that I might have full blown lupus and not drug induced lupus? Has anyone had any similar problem?
Hi,Thank you
Hi!Any tips? What can I do? Any experience??
Hello everyone!  I have been on Remicade for 11 years and finally developed antibodies.  I did try Entyvio a couple of years ago but had adverse reactions to it.  I had a large bowel resection with an end colostomy in October.  My Crohn's disease symptoms have improved since the surgery.Julie
many years ago they tested me for crohns by ct scan and told me once before I may have crohns but then when they did the colonoscopy they said no so I was happy. I went on with my business.
I was recently diagnosed with Crohns. I have lost 90 lbs over the past year (undiagnosed). I feel hungry much of the time, but I cannot eat much due to nausea and diarreah. It's an odd feeling to be hungry and ill too. Anyone else have this? Thanks
Hi - l have crohns - have had it for 25 years - no symptoms except some days I get the runs worse than others. 16 months ago I had my first small intestine mri and a colonoscopy. The results said a foot of small intestine was grossly abnormal with thickening. I also have some fistulas and odd ulcers throughout. However I am well and have always been. The consultant says I should be on azathiaprine - I am fighting it - it’s a powerful drug and my life is normal. He says he should treat the scans not the symptoms - I have asked for another mri scan to see if there is any worsening but advice gratefully received. Thanks
I may be having a small bowel resection.   I don't know if it will be laproscopic or open. Does anyone know if there are restrictions regarding climbing stairs while recovering from surgery.  I live in a two level house and the bathroom is upstairs.
Hey everyone I have crohns in the small illieum I believe that’s what’s it called lol. I have already been on humira and Remicade I have had crohns since I was 18 I’m 21 now. Remicade stopped working so my doctor switched me to Stelara I had to get a infusion for it the first time yesterday and for the remainder of the time I’m on it I have to take shots my first shot will be in 8 weeks since I just had the infusion yesterday but I was wondering how long did it take for Stelara to kick in with anyone who had experience with it or did you have any side effects reach remission? Anything you all can tell me will help thank you !
Hey guys,Thanks!
Is anyone in here knowledgable about it? It's a MAP therapy drug to eliminate Crohns. The theory behind it is not accepted by mainstream medical science. The company expects preliminary results in 3 months/
Does anyone else have this? I go from daily diarrhea to constipation. I am afraid to take anything for the constipation as it may worsen the diarrhea... sigh   
hi i have a colonoscopy and endoscopy on wednesday so obviously i need to do prep tomorrow
 
i have been on remicade for about if anybody has had these symptoms or know anybody who had similar ones what happened?
 I have had an ileostomy for 7 years due to severe ulcerative colitis, I also have crohns disease. I have had many complications and been on various streroids for different reason throughout the 7 years. I was scheduled an appointment for upper and lower endoscopy; I had 8 biopsies done. So far, I have a bacterial infection that they are attempting to treat...slow in response right now. Currently the GI is talking of beginning medication such as Remicade. Are this many biopsies normal?
I hate to be complaining all the time. But i have no one else who can listen and understand what im going thru. I might have mentioned in the past already but im not for sure. A few weeks ago i had a place posterior of my anus that seemed like a boil. It hurt but not as bad as the perianal abscess i had a while back. Well it popped and a lot of blood and green goo came out. Since then the place has been very sore. It also has some leaking. Noticed it in my panties. I emailed my gi dr and he said it could be a fistula. I was told to make an appt. Well i dont have insurance nor $75 to pay upfront. Ive been having a lot of internal spasm pain. It literally hurts so bad that i cant walk or move. Last night i was having a lot of belly pain too. It even kept me up most of the night. This morning when i went to the bathroom i literally pooped all blood and blood clots. It was sooooo gross. Sorry i know tmi. But most of you can relate. Im thinking about going to the ER. Im really misserable. I just dont wanna be admitted because im hosting my daughters baby shower on Sunday. Yes im having another grandbaby. Its a boy🍼. This will make my 6th grandbaby.
I'm having my colonoscopy on Friday and today is my prep day. I'm done with solid foods and from here on out its all liquids baby!Am I allowed to drink Coke? They say not to drink anything with red dye, not sure if thats in Coke.
Hello,Any advice on how long recovery will take? Pain management? Much appreciated.
I was told to avoid exercise for 7 days after colonoscopy (running/lifting)... I was kinda hoping I could play full court basketball in 2 days. Is that a no-no?
Hello!Max
I was diagnosed with Crohn’s in 2009. My main thing was diarrhea. Got used to it. You learn what is best to eat and not to eat, etc. SUDDENLY, for about  What was your experience? I’m calling my new Gastro on Monday (we moved to a new state last Dec) and making an appt. to see her because this has me very concerned. Any experiences and/or advice would be appreciated!
Hi Allpast meds- cortifoam, canasa, rowasa,balsalazide, prednisone
Hello all,Thank you.
 
https://wordpress.com/page/crohnsforyouandme.wordpress.com/16soon to include explanations of what foods are made of and how adaptive immunology works.
My issues started in 2012. I was having diarrhea multiple times a day for 3 weeks causing back pain, pelvic pain, and swollen colon that i can feel in my lady parts. Went to Dr. Who did an x-ray thinking the back pain was unrelated. Found that my intestines were completely full of stool, mucus and bubbles. Sent me for a CT to check for blockage and found none. Sent me home (because it was the end of the work day) and told me to come back. Ended up with fever and chills. Went back the next week and they took an ultra sound and told me it was my gallbladder. Have since had it removed. One year later had similar symptoms and they told me it was my appendix and since had it removed along with two ovarian cysts. I have reoccurring bouts of constipation followed by days of diarrhea (no blood except from hemorrhoids.) Finally went to a GI in September last year and he stuck me in the abdomen with Novocain and said I was experiencing nerve pain and spastic colon. Told me to go on High Fiber Diet and I should be fine. Well now I am having Migraines, foot cramps, HORRIBLE indigestion that makes me vomit, along with the pain in my pelvic, and lower back. I finally got a new GI and I am scheduled for an Endoscopy and Colonoscopy for the 12th of July. I am a bit nervous, just not what the outcome might be, but excited to finally figure out what is going on. I have never seen blood mixed in my stool, I do fluctuate in weight, but nothing extreme and I always gain it back once the appetite comes back and fatigue passes. Just looking for a little advice, general advice. Hoping for real answers soon. Thank you for any help that can be offered.
Can anyone tell me if it's normal for my Fistulotomy scars to be really sore and painful two years after surgery. Anyone else have these issues.
Not sure if anyone will be able to help with this one. My Daughter is 25 now. Been on Remicade/Imuran for several years. As a child she never had the Chicken Pox. She couldn't get the vaccination, so a treatment plan went on file if she contracted the virus.  Chicken Pox, as it can be very severe in adults, combine that with being immunosuppressed and it could be a real issue.
Hi all! I was wondering if anyone who has been diagnosed with CD has been prescribed to take these two medications together. If so, what dosages of each and how long were you on them?
Hello,
I have a vary long story to share with you lovely people ❤I have been reading your stories for 5 years now ...but for now I would like to know about ur pyoderma gangrenosum scars are there any thing I can do to minimize its appearance as I have it on my face 😭
Has anyone else experienced weight gain from being on humira, specifically in the belly? I have been on humira since 2013 and it seems to be the only treatment to keep my crohn's under control. I have gained somewhere around 25-30 pounds and it is mostly concentrated in my midsection. Very frustrating!
Does anyone else have the pleasure of having IBS and Crohns?
Hello Everyone,
I have Crohns disease and was diagnosed when I was 14. Now 60. I have a couple Fistulas and have setons in place. I have had them for at least 7 years. I was on Remicade for at least 7 years and had no luck with them getting better. My doctor wants me to start Stelara but my insurance says I have to try Humira and Cizma before they will pay for Stelara. Does anyone else have Fistula lasting for so long and injecting Humira and they healed? I feel like these Fistulas will be with me forever.
I have a colonoscopy Friday morning.A little on the nervous side as it gets closer!!
Hi all.  It's been a while.  I was nearly going to have my first surgery 9 years ago when I tried Humira as a last ditch attempt to avoid it.  I was getting blood transfusions every couple months and I was as thin as a rail.  Needless to say, Humira was a miracle.  I've gained 30 lbs (this is a good thing), my haemoglobin and iron have been normal and for the most part I've felt great and have lived a full and normal life.
Check this out . From what the are saying , it might be possible to cure IBS with some natural foods and supplements. https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2018/05/180530113115.htm
Hi All, I’m not sure what’s going on. As some of you may remember I was having some isssues with a ton of stress in my life back in April. The type of extreme stress that pushed me over the edge to having panic attacks. Now I’m still dealing with anxiety but I’m slowly getting a grip on it. One of the main things I held on to when I was mentally struggling was that physically I felt great and all of my most recent bloodwork had backed this up. I did feel kind of down on myself because I really wanted to mentally feel as good as I did physically. This all changed last weekend. I been doing a lot of work to clean out my parents old house so it can be sold. I woke up Saturday feeling like I was hit by a truck and with watery diarrhea, a migraine and nausea . My period had started so I figured it was that and just to give it a day or two though this was definitely more intense than usual and an episode of vomiting. Well I’m still not right and feeling generally yuck despite taking it easy. I feel like someone has kicked me in the gut constantly. All of my bms are like water. No cramping though oddly enough and no bleeding. But I’ve been waking up now having to run to the bathroom. This morning I had an accident in my sleep. I am so confused!! Any insight on whether this is a flare? I haven’t had these  of issues in at least three years and it doesn’t even follow what’s normal for flares for me.
As someone may know, I have strictures in small intestines, and with it, comes SIBO and related symptoms such as gas and diarrhea.My question is: Did the Raw Honey help calm down the bacteria in my intestines that made me feel very healthy in my digestive system?  Can it be lemon or just a coincidence?
I don't mean the psychoactive mushrooms. I mean the regular mushrooms.I have read mushrooms have high purine content. Do you think this can decrease purinethol's effectiveness (assuming I will eat a lot of mushrooms every day).
This was the most vile, disgusting, horrid taste I've ever experienced in my entire life! Sewer water couldn't be any worse.In this day and age, there should be something that does not taste as disgusting as this mess.
Hi Mike
For the past 6 months I have been suffering from a tear or cut next to my anus.  The Colorectal Dr. said it is not a true anal fissure because it is not in the anus but next to it.  Looking in the mirror it looks like a split about 20 lbs. in 6 months since this began due to watching my diet eating only oatmeal with fruit for breakfast, salads for lunch and mainly broiled fish with vegatables and fruit for dinner.  I stay away from breads, pasta and sugars.  It's a boring healty diet but I don't want to lose more weight.  For over 30 years I've had severe psoriasis but now I'm on Humira which has helped with clearing the skin alot.  This rectal split, cut, tear, fissure, whatever you call it has made life miserable.  I've used at least 10 crèmes Rx and OTC, to no avail.  Just when I think it's better, it flares again and does not heal.   During BM's I make sure to use Balneal or Mineral Oil to sooth on the TP.   If this thing isn't burning it's itching or both.  It seems to flare most at night and there were times I felt hopeless..has anyone e;se had something like this?  Any comments might help. thanks.
I had my loading dose of Stelara on Friday, the infusion went well no issues.  But I'd like to hear from other users and your thoughts on how well(or not) it is working for you.  At this point for me it's more of a maintenance drug since the portion of bowel with active disease was removed during surgery.  Hoping it will prevent any further damage at least for a while.thx
Im sure you all are tired of hearing me gripe and complain. But i have no one else who can understand or relate to what im going thru. Im currently on my period which has been causing severe abdominal pain. Pain to where ive just been in bed for 2 days so far. Anyhow...ive been having a lot of rectal bleeding. I use tampons so i know its not from there. Literally my bum drips blood. Im wondering if it is a fistula which a ct hasnt detected or am i really having that much intesti m al bleeding. Im suppose to be going to a new gi dr but i dont have insurance. Should i just go back to the er? Im sure all they will do is another ct scan and some pain meds then send me home. Im already anemic. I feel like im passing too much blood both ways. I just wish my family could understand how i feel and stop being so demanding.
Hi I've posted a couple of times before and appreciate all the responses I receive. Well my history diagnosed w UC age 17 now 42.. age 40 was told UC is now crohns. Had been on sulfasalazine for a long time til it stopped working then went to imuran but after 4 months and no improvement (been in a flare for aboutThank you all for responses I appreciate them all'
Hello world. I'm new to this forum so bear with me.my father passed from c/d in 2007. I was diagnosed in 2012. I have perianal Abcess with fistulas. Also resection surgery Dec2017. Crohns iletis w/ileosigmoid fistula repair. Extensive adhesions. On remicade now. Hoping Abcess. Closes and heals. Having numbness in fingertips. Can it be from the remicade. Thx in advance for input
I haven't been on HW since ages. I have been trying to cope with my brother's death. Two months ago, my GI informed me that based on my blood work and general symptoms my Crohn's is under control. This is the moment I have been looking forward to for 11 years. But and there's always a but. Two weeks ago, I started to have severe mouth pain. My face got swollen and only NSAID injections could soothe pain. X-ray revealed 2 dental abcesses that pressed on a nerve, hence the excuricating pain. Was put on more NSAIDs, pregabalin and an antibiotic. My GI approved reluctantly of my taking these meds. A week ago, I started flaring up. I have this painful squeezing cramp that sends me urgently to the toilet for 7-8 times in a row. Will see my GI on Wednesday and until I do I take 2 antispasmodics and celebrex but it seems they are not doing the trick. The dentist told me I'll need to take more antibiotics for either removing the molar tooth or the root canal and that we will postpone any dental work until I become better. Really how lucky am I. I have been dreaming of getting my Crohn's under control and when this happened, I relapsed.Failed:Azathioprine (generic), Methotrexate
I started getting bad stomach aches in 2015, but 2017 a weird 'lump' that was hard and uncomfortable and never goes away formed in my upper left abdomen, where I had most of my stomach pain. After years of negative CT's MRI's colonoscopy endoscopy etc my doctors finally agreed to a diagnostic laparoscopy where a stricture was found where I feel the lump. Is it possible to have a stricture without crohns?
Hiopening and they added one to my neck  I was in the icu with septic shock with pancolitis kidney failure and a stricture with obstruction.  I was released from there and back a week later with the same problem.  This is when I was givin the diagnosis of crohns disease.  The doctor informally said it was likely that the diverticulits was actually crohns i was put on predizone, humira, and hydrocordazon.  Since then i have seen 2 other GI doctors who say yes its crohns.  Come January 2018 i see the origanl 2012 surgent he changes the diagnosis back to diverticulis and in the last moth my diagnosis went back to crohns,  then to UC then to intermediat colitis which i though was not possible and now back to crohns.  The procedures surgerys and flare ups have made my life a living hell and i still am not clear of the diagnosis and out come. .
Hi, everyone;I've been following this site for quite a while, and finally decided to join. I'm a Christian, mom of two, and I have Ulcerative Colitis. I was diagnosed last June. I'm getting ready to go in for a colonoscopy next week to see how it's going. No symptoms right now, hoping the G.I. will say it's in clinical remission and inactive, but we'll see. Hoping to draw from the wealth of experience that is available here. Mom of two, was pregnant during my first flare, landed in hospital with Hemoglobin of 4.3, 4 units of blood and countless iron infusions later was able to have baby girl #2 healthy and whole. Looking forward to meeting all you brave soldiers. Thanks for reading!
I've been on 4.8g of ASACOL HD (3x800 in the morning and evening) for about?
Some of you may remember me. Had a terrible flare with GI bleed and my upper gi track was as inflamed as the colon. Took a three weeks hospital stay to get me stable enough to come home. So im on Remicade again and now all my hair is falling out , Im wondering if it's from the remicade or just being so under nurished  .Anyone else loose all their hair. The severe joint pain is back i know this is a side effect of remicade because years ago when i was on it same thing happened with my joints.   Auntkay
Hello- 13 years.  I have had my colonoscopies every year, except for in 2016, my doctor let me go 2 years.  I am 40 years old.  Anyway, the findings today said that a segmental area of pseudopolypoid, scarred and vascular pattern decreased mucosa was found in the entire colon.  I’m not exactly sure what that means.  She said everything looked great and I’m in total remission.  She also did chromoscopy with indigo carmine.  Of course I was a bit out of it afterwards so did t get to ask that question.  She said we will do another colonoscopy next year for surveillance since the risk of dysplasia must go up the longer we have the disease.  I hate that word.  I’m hoping that all the colonoscopies and taking my remicade, mercaptopurone and Allopurinol will help keep that away! If anyone could help with what that vascular pattern decrease means, I would appreciate it!
Hi everyoneWondering if any one else has experienced these problems. Not sure if it is medication or crohns related
Started Humira yesterday with the quadruple injection dose (ouch!). Now I just want to know what I should be careful about my hair falling out but apparently this mostly affects women and is not super common. As for malignancies, I won't even tough that for now...
Hello Everyone,Thank you all!
The tooth abscess I've posted aboutFailed:Azathioprine (generic), Methotrexate
I have learned aboutHas anyone tried this? Did it help you? How does it taste?
Hey everyone!Thanks so much!
I wonder if anyone has ever combined two biologics? Humira and Stelara for example....I guess it requires the cooperation of competing company's products, so is unlikely to be tested.
So... Had Crohn's for a while now.  Currently on Remicade and have been for a few months.  I'm also on the SCD diet (couple months) although I'm not ridiculously strict and don't do the yogurt thing.  aboutThanks.
Hi all,
That's interesting, I'd never wondered whether or not it was absorbing properly.  I have noticed those little white dots from time to time but haven't given much thought to it.  If you saw the external coating, and it was empty, maybe just the coating did not get absorbed.  Maybe if you ask your doctor there's something you could take to aid in the absorption.   I have no idea.
You know I took Pentasa before any of my resections.  I would always see the little dots.  But that med always made me bloated and caused me to have looser stools.  I am on Asacol now and don't have the problems anymore, although I often still see the shells.
I think I have a large bowel obstruction. Im waiting till my insur kicks in..which should be any time now..(they cashed my dang check so it better) but have been trying to figure out these symptoms for awhile and finally think but need help
Well, if you're having diarrhea, that's kind of a good sign, you don't have a complete bowel obstruction.  In that case, nothing would get through, not even gas.  I've had both partial and complete obstructions before, and both sucked.  You could have a partial obstruction.  You would have bloating, pain, nausea... My advice, if you have to wait to go to the hospital, is to watch what you eat.  Try things that are mostly liquid, or mushy.  That diet is not fun, but it's more fun than an obstruction.  Try not to eat fibery things.  That's really all the advice I have.  Hopefully things will pass (literally and figuratively) and you'll feel better.  Best of luck!
Hi Song I had pains bad and went to Emerg. when I had mine and had the same symn. as you so that is what I did and would do again.Hope you get some help soon. lol gail
Sounds like you are at least partially obstructed. Don't wait too long before you go to emerg. I usually give it a day depending on the severity of pain. If it's too severe, you'll need to go in. Best wishes.
thanks karendee....Im gonna call and see!!!
I have many obstructions, some partial, and some full, leading to 2 surgery's.  The symptoms you express are those of a partial obstruction.  My best advice- go on liquids only.  I was able to avoid a full obstruction last fall when I only had liquids as soon as I felt the pain.  I was hospitalized for a few days, and they were able to clear it with antibiotics.  The nurse at the hospital was amazed that I had only liquids for a few days before, but I told her that due to my experience in the past, it knew was the best thing I could do.Wishing you a speedy recovery.
well just KUP Im still in a WHOLE LOTTA PAIN....having only &quot;D&quot; but none today...my pain today has been something GOD AWFUL..Ive been so sick to my stomach, Ive wanted to actually puke several times
If you are obstructed, you might not be able to end this on your own. It sounds to me like you need medical assistance. Friday is a long time away...
Yes EruditePaul.  When you have an obstruction you can't pass anything.  Stool, gas NADA.  It is very painful.
Hi all I am new here DX Crohns in 1996, perforation with resection in 2001, been ok since, no meds, 36 year old male.Paul
 sounds like a fissure to me...no pain? not even rectum pain or hemerroid pain?
Has anyone out there tried Digestive Advantage for Lactose Intolerance?-Ryan
Yes I use the Digestive Advantage Lactose Intolerant.  It does work very well.  Just like your friend I can't go crazy with the dairy, but can have some dairy now.  I take the Lactose Intolerant one in the a.m. and the Crohns and Colitis one at night.  The one for LI is great because you only have to take one a day and it has some probiotics in them also.  The Lactaid ones work, but you have to take a bunch of them all thru out the day any time you want dairy, but this one is only once a day.  Go to the site and request a free sample, I think you will be pleasantly surprised.  Good Luck!
primadophilus reuteri aids with lactose intolerance (along with high cholseterol and vaginal heatlhy) and it does not contain aspertame like digestive advantage does, or any of the other un-necessary additives either.
I tried Digestive advantage when I was on different antibiotics. He really did help with the diarrhea but outside of the antibiotics I did not notice anything else.
&nbsp;i was thinking, (i know thats dangerous!) , but how much extra TP would i have to buy if i never left the house? so i started thinking of all the places i go when im not home. and it was many. what if we had to pay every time we used a restroom? are there any pay toilets left? i can remember vividly when i was a kid and going places where it was a dime to get in the restroom. lots of kids just crawled under, but i m to darn old for that now , and the floors are nasty.&nbsp; so i am on the search for an old fashioned pay toilet . i want a picture! 
And you remember pay phones for a dime too , '03 fistulas and bad flagyl reactions, only on B12 and vitamin supplements now
Im only 25 and remember paying once when I was &quot;downtown&quot; shopping w/ my mom.  I was probably only 5 or 6 though.  I had to pay at gas stations in Spain too 4 years ago.  But Randy your post made me laugh b/c my hubby has bad IBS-d and I obviously have crohns and we really don't buy that much TP.  We realized it was because most of us do all of our buisness either at work or on our way to work or on the way home from resturants etc.  It must save us a fortune.  There is one rest stop I frequent that has very very large rolls of TP.  When they get down to 10 uses left or so they change them and put the tini roll in a basket w/ a sign &quot;free travel tp.&quot;  I usually keep one in the car or purse.

I thought that pay toilets were now against the law?  Maybe that's only for public facilities or something, like stores and what not.  Seems like it had something to do with ADA requriements, though...
you know i wouldn't mind paying even like a dollar if they had someone in there like the old days keeping it clean and making sure that the little kids, and some bigger ones did not destroy the place.
there is a pay toilet in the south side of pittsburgh...it was really strange walking down the sidewalk and there it was because it looks like&nbsp;big box...i didn't use it, seemed kinda gross, 
I would gladly pay .50-1.00, when on the road, for a clean private bathroom.  Just a tip for others, if you're ever travelling and really need to clean up or spend a lot of time in the bathroom, most truck stops have shower rooms with toilets in them.  Usually it costs $7-8, but if you're in bad shape and really need some private time, it's a good place to go.
hey POOP! where ya been?     yea sounds strange to have a &quot;watcher&quot; .  i remember in eorope , many places had an attendant. you paid so much for TP, so much for soap and if you wanted a towel to dry your hands that was extra. the guy would sit in a little chair by the door and would be dressed like a doorman.
Well by far my worst now is trying to figure out a composting toilet in a barn... see my post &quot;uh oh- didn't know how to work toilet&quot;
an affordable one is even harder.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
I've been getting accupuncture for about
I guess I am REALLY lucky.  My DH massages some part of my body just about
I was actually in a CD study to see if massage therapy helped.  I had to fill out a questionare prior to the start of the studay.  I dont know how many people were in the study but I cannot imagine many since I am sure the person conducting it had to pay for our massages.  I was luckily in the group to get 5 free massages where as the other group got none.  My old GI suggested me for the study.  After the massage part of the study was over for a few months the perosn conducting the study called me up and asked me the same questions from the questionare that I filled out prior to the start.  She said my answers to the questions did prove in my case that they did have a positive effect on my CD.  Some heath insurances will pay part of massages if a Dr orders them, just make sure they are covered first and which places are covered.Dx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
First of all...I want nanners and Fitzys husbands!!!! Mine does rub my neck and shoulders once in while but he tends to hurt more than help---too strong of hands  I am making my appointment to use the latest gift ceritifcate tonight. I just let them do my arms neck and shoulders due to nasty lower back issues. But I swear it is medically beneficial to me too.
I am very lucky in this aspect. I get monthly massages that help my Fibro and Lupus (and Crohn's).&nbsp; My aunt is a massage therapist and she does my massages for the family rate of $30/hour.&nbsp; I have had wonderful sucess with the kind of massage called "myofacial release massage"&nbsp; it has done wonders for the severe muscle spasms I get with Lupus.&nbsp; 
  &nbsp;Yes I have picked the sad face cause that's what I am every 6 - 8 weeks when my poor husband is vomiting day and night for anything up to 4 - 8 days and nights. This is what happened when he was first diagnosed with crohns. Doctors are not familiar with this complaint recurring on such a regular basis. Does anyone know of any medication that he could take for this or why it never fails to return ? I would really appreciate your comments or help. Thank You Winter.
These are symptoms of the disease and they are telling you the disease is not controlled.  Time to talk to the doctors about
Hi I agree with Judy. Its time to call your doctor.Hi, I am teddybearweiser, I am a male.
Maybe I am paranoid but I started prednisone last week prior to starting HUMIRA in september, but my face seems a little swollen this morning. If it is the prednisone how long after I go off it will it go away? Right now Im on 40mg a day for a week, which will be friday, then 20mg for a week, then 10mg, for a week finidhing it off with 5mg for a month.
How long were you on it, and what type of dosage wre you taking, if you don't mind me asking.
I have to fly tomorrow and my white blood cell count is low - I'd love tips on how to avoid getting a cold (or worse!) from the other passengers.
I know it might look silly, but what about
Do not touch your face.
Bring nasal saline spray!  I know there are small enough bottles out there that can still be brought on the plane.  Get the cheapest generic you can becuase they are all just salt water.  If you can not find a bottle small enough to be allowed on the plane, get a travel bottle and fill it with saline from cheap contact solution.  Sound gross, but snort a little out of your hand or pour on a tissue and wipe inside your nostrils., '03 fistulas and bad flagyl reactions, only on B12 and vitamin supplements now
Zycam is great too.
It might be kind of fun to wear a mask just to see the reactions you'd get with the recent scare of tuberculosis of that lawyer who flew back from overseas.  Then again, it might not be so fun to be an outcast.But actually, from what I've read,  It's a really common thing in many Asian countries.  People wear masks on planes all the time there.
Hi folks,
I have had tons of rectal bleeding, but not to go on noticeably for almost an hour like you described. No wonder you feel like garbage today. You poor thing. Put a call in to your GI asap - losing blood is no minor thing, that's a SERIOUS issue.  I hope someone else will come along and post something more helpful. I'm sending good thoughts your way.Stef

With Crohn's you can get GI bleeds which can be very dangerous. I was hospitalized with bleeding and lost half of the blood in my body. Basically I had an ulcer in my TI that caused the bleeding, they had to go in (unprepped colonoscopy) and fix it. 
Hi Marelene-
Marlene,
I was hospitalized recently for bleeding out half my blood volume as well (vomitting that night as well).  the doctors don't really know why it happened, but one speculation is that an ulcer got close enough to an artery to cause problems.  Previously I bled about 6 ounces (a few years back) but my doctor at the time said that was ok so long as it did not continue.   This time I lost chunks of jelly-like blood that I learned were clots.  I was nauseated and almost passed out from the blood loss.  Do not let embarrassment stop you from seeking medical care!  I walked into the ER and just said I had Crohn's and didn't stop bleeding.  That was all I had to say...

I dont recall ever seeing pus in my stool but I have seen mucus and blood.  From reading on here I guess it could be due to a fistula, I didnt know I had a fistula til they had to do emergency surgery for a perforated ileum in February.  Mine was intestine to intestine, why I didnt know aboutDx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
Could it be mucus?  I know I've had that and it's from a build up on the intestinal lining. It meams there irritation and inflammation in there. (duh)  Maybe what you're describing is mucus and not pus.
good to hear you are doing better; I hope you get answers from the GI. yp
Thanks!!  I didn't know that pooping mucus means that you have inflammation.  I always have mucus in my poo.  Thanks for educating me...
Ok so it's been 2 months since my DX.&nbsp; I started on Pentasa and was just switched a week ago to Lialda.(same drug family just less pills a day)&nbsp; My stomach has been doing GREAT! I feel&nbsp;NO stomach pains &amp; I have a BM once a day.&nbsp; I have been taking Iron so I am sure that has something to do with the bulkier BM's.&nbsp; What is bothering me is the 2 fissures, the skin tags that get very irritated and&nbsp;my fistula is sore after a BM.&nbsp; I don't want to go back to my Colo-Rectal until my fissures improve b/c the last time they got better she re-
Personally, I wouldn't go to remicade yet, but that is my opinion.  I can't believe your colorectal surgeon does a rectal exam when you have fissures.....what is the point of that?  If mine wants to know what is going on, he would schedule and exam under anesthetic because of all of rectal issues.  I would give some rectal meds a try to see if it helps with the inflammation done there with the skin tag.  You obviously aren't totally in remission, but it looks like you are headed there.....
Ok, speaking of TP:&nbsp; which brand leaves the least butt lint?&nbsp; both Charmin and Quilted Northern are horrible as far as lintiness goes...I mean come on, it looks like it snowed down there or something!&nbsp; Lately I just use the Publix "green" store brand...seems to hold together better.&nbsp; Of course, during frequent Ds got to use those baby wipes too.&nbsp; So In everyone's opinion what's the most linty and least linty brands?Personal Motto after being diagnosed with two autoimmune diseases:&nbsp; "I'm basically allergic to myself"
I like Angel Soft or the Walmart brand that is comparable    I hate lint.
I used to always buy the Kleenex Cottonel brand.&nbsp; But now I only by the White Cloud brand at Walmart.&nbsp;&nbsp; Its just as soft and cheaper.
Scott is what I finally turned to due to this problem.  Not the softest, but the least lint.  I've noticed my bathroom isn't as dusty, but I can't get anyone else in my household to switch.
I am for the Cottonelle too---the purple pack???  I grew up using Scott and that was completely lint free...butt it could tear up a butt , '03 fistulas and bad flagyl reactions, only on B12 and vitamin supplements now
The soft TP's always leave lint.  Go for Scott brand if you don't want lint, but it is NOT so soothing on a sore tush.
Let's see since my septic tank doesn't like any thing but Angel soft that is what I use and it has very little lint.Curley
Cottonelle, but step up the wet wipes!
angel soft, northern, etc... all leave residue for me.   what i want is a TP that wont break!  al the brands we have tried lately suck. national brands local stuff etc.. whole hand goes through sometimes or it tears in liitle pieces trying to get it off the roll. my theory is they went a few microns too thin to get the most sheets on a roll. what used to take 4-5 sheets now takes 8-9 and it still breaks through. this must be causing sheryl crow to lose sleep!   so people ,, what wont break???
He is keeping me on the stalevo, a PD drug but things I have two conditions, one being Dystonia of some kind and also a muscle wasting/myopathy causing the complete weakening.  He doesnt know whether either are fast developing or slow lbut I do know that some dystonias are fatal.
Love and prayers Ann....glad someone is finally taking your symptoms seriously...hope he keeps digging until he hits it on the nail....meantime, good luck with this new treatment. keep up your spirits....know that we are thinking and praying for you to have better health soon.
Thank you very much for being so considerate and so kind.  All of ye are going through equal hell with various complaints.  I donno, as I probably said before, there will be a queue at the pearly gates whilst I question first Peter and then God as to why we were made to suffer in this way.
just painted the stairwell - the one I fell down and coshed me head against side wall last week and ended in hosp for observation!
I just found out I have arthritis in my back which explains the pain. I now have cramps thanks to "that time of the month" and I took 3 500mg Tylenol and it feels like it has not even touched the pain.
Karen you will really need to get a referral to a Rheumy.  If this doc is a Rheumy who wouldn't take care of your pain then you really need to find another one.  Another suggestion might be to ask your PCP for a referral to a pain mgmt doc.  You really need to get some help here.  Once in a blue moon I will occasionally take an Aleve, but I never take them everyday.
I don't think its that they don't believe you... it's very hard to give pain medicine to Crohnies... my doctor strongly forbid me to have anything besides tylenol and to avoid that if I could.

Karen have you gone and seen your family doc.  Mine is so good about
With all the different medications out there for arthritis pain, I find it very hard to believe that none&nbsp;of them are suitable for Crohn's patients.
I would keep taking the tylenol regularly tonight and up through your interview, so hopefully the pain won't get out of control again.....that way at least you can make it through your interview.  Let is know how the interview goes!  Good luck!
thanks for the advice. Mary, you are right I probably do forget what I have taken when in pain. 
Well let me wish you Good Luck with the interview.  I hope you get the job!
Good luck to you darlin......hope you get this job. I will say a prayer for you. Walk in there like you already own the place and are sure you are going to be part of this workplace. Visualize yourself working there ....lots of positive thoughts....what goes around , comes around. ! 
thanks Mary! I did pretty good on the interview. I will find out next week!
Just wondering how your recovery is going?&nbsp; Has your wound started closing up yet?&nbsp; Hadn't seen an update lately and was wondering how you were doing.
bump
Judy, I'm sorry to hear you're still down. It's been a very long road for you this time. I know there isn't anything, anyone can
I'm not sure if this is Crohn's related, but I'm curious to know if anyone has had these symptoms before.
I get achey joints and muscles that move from place to place. Example it has settled in my knees right now, but yesterday one of my toes hurt too, my elbow hurt one day, ect. I don't have the other symptoms. My joint pain starts when I start to flare... Hope that you can find some answers and relief. Have you called and asked your dr?Living with Crohns for 1 year.&nbsp;I have a wonderful husband and two beautiful little girls. 


Have they ruled out crohn's? What type of tests have you gotten done? Colonoscopy? Small bowel follow through?

Thank you all for your helpful input - to answer some of your questions:&nbsp; no, I haven't had a colonoscopy yet; I'm guessing the GI will order one after I see him - I did have an EGD (upper scope) around the same time I started having symptoms, because I was having right side pain (they eventually diagnosed it as my gallbladder and I had it removed Dec. 05) anyway, they same I had some gastric erosions from that "end", but I haven't had the colon done yet.&nbsp; I am guessing that these are fissures that I have - they do not bleed a lot, just on wiping, but they sting like fire when that bile hits them!&nbsp; I have not kept at actual food diary yet, but have tried to make mental note of times/foods/etc. and so far have not figured out anything that seems to trigger more than other - just kind of everything.&nbsp; So again, I appreciate all your input, and will hope for more insight after I see the Dr. - any other thoughts you have are welcome.&nbsp; Thanks again.
Also a couple of other questions:  What about the spontaneous vomiting?  Is this indicative of a blockage of some sort, of maybe just caused from the intense pain?  And have any of you been prescribed glycopyrrolate?  It basically &quot;dries up&quot; everything, including your saliva - I just don't know how safe it is to keep using it, and if it's really helping that much.  Thanks again.

I take 150mg, which is 3 50mg tablets, all at once at night. I wouldn't think it would be a problem, but if you feel different, you could space them out.
thanks!! I wanted to take mine all at once.!
I am on 125 mg, I take half in morning and half at night only because I am pregnant.  I use to take 200mg all at once before my pregnancy.
I split my dose because of problems with nausea. By taking the imuran with breakfast and supper I no longer have problems with dizziness or nausea.
I think I'm getting the run around, but let me start off...
I am new to this, but your symptoms seem really severe. Perhaps if you go to the ER and let them admit you they will call your new dr in and he will have to visit you at the hospital. You obviously need something done sooner than sept 25. I am sorry that you are going through this and wish I had more information or ideas for you. Please keep us posted as to what is going on. Living with Crohns for 1 year.&nbsp;I have a wonderful husband and two beautiful little girls. 
I really sympathize with you as far as the predicament you are in. However, I am really worried for you. I have never vomited or pooped blood before so that alone would scare the hell out of me. You must be in such misery. I don't know what I would do in that situation but I do think if they admit you to the hospital you may wind up spending more than a couple of days there. I can't believe you would have to wait so long for an appointment when your symptoms are so severe. Have you considered trying yet another GI who would be willing to see you any sooner? I think if possible that would be my first choice. Also, I don't think 8 days of medication is going to help you much at this point. (Although I would take them all regardless, something is better than nothing.) Anyway, I am starting to ramble so let me wrap this up. Try another GI, take all the prescribed meds, and PLEASE, if things get worse, go ahead to the ER. I would really hate to see you have emergency surgery because that would obviously be way worse than just a couple of weeks in the hospital &quot;resting your bowels&quot; and getting heavily medicated. I sincerely hope you get treatment as soon as possible and that you start feeling better soon. Please, please keep us posted on what's going on with you. My prayers are with you right now. Big hugs to you and good luck.
Well, I do feel for you, but at the same time you chose to go to a gi dr. that was not treating you for a year and a half.&nbsp; The new guy....that is probably what they do with new patients.&nbsp; If you were an established patient of his, you probably would get in sooner.&nbsp; The er dr. is jumping the gun.....you just don't do surgery (unless it is an emergency) on a crohns patient without first trying the meds.&nbsp; He probably shoiuldn't have let you go home.&nbsp; A few days of iv meds would have been good for you.&nbsp; 
Hi Jm Pred. can work very fast for me and I would try low roughage or soft easy foods to digest .Put your health first bills can be caught up on. Hope the pred. has kicked in and if you have to be admitted they will get you a specialist . Take care and let us know how you are doing. Sounds like you will be needing meds for awhile so if you run out try to get back to get some more meds at least that will help better then nothing. lol gail
Hi all - 

I have taken Entocort in the past and it actually didn't give me any side effects.  I know there have been some folks who got headaches from the 9 mg and went down to 6mg and that helped.  Maybe you should contact your GI and let them know how you are feeling.  Good Luck!
I too have had bad headaches on 9mg of entocort.  Went down to 6, and don't seem to have them anymore.  Haven't had any other noticeable side effects.

Well i did it!  Told the doctor doing the botox about the meds.  He was s little concerned of bleeding and bruising due to the 6mp but nothing a little extra time with the ice pack couldnt take care of!
Hello
In the past year, I've awakened in a sweat.&nbsp; Anyone else have this problem with their Crohn's?&nbsp; It's either my body rejecting whatever food I've eaten or I'm in the beginning stages of menopause (I'm 45).
I have night sweats badly when on Pred also more recently when cutting down on my pain meds too.Dx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
At the moment I'm having sweats both day & night, but I'm on pred, the weather is over 100, and also have low grade fever.
i have had night drenchings for years. i keep a bath towel and a small towel next to the bed.
First off welcome to the forum,we are glade to have you.When I first got sick I had terreble night sweats.I still have them but not as offten.there are alot of us that deal with this.I hope that sweats get better.Curley
My experience is that it can be just part of the disease process, with or without prednisone, with or without fevers.&nbsp; &nbsp; 
I've really been having a time with depression lately.&nbsp;&nbsp;Between the stress in my household and trying to deal with this disease,&nbsp;it's getting to me.&nbsp; I'm so very tired.
Maybe it's time to seriously think about
Sorry you are feeling so low.  Have you applied for prescript
Hi Jasanne  Just wanted to let you know that I'am listening and my thoughts are with you the Rem. does help with fis. so maybe you should keep trying to get it .You sure do have a few other things there to deal with. I feel depression sets in when we let it in so give it the boot. I think the best way sometimes is to think our way out of it with different ideas.So what kind of stress are you having in your household? I have quite litterally gone to the birds bought in large bags of feed yesterday and made a water feeder out of an old fish tank. So I make things and do things that give me as little depression as possible. Noone should let it get that way for long .lol gail
I understand about
Hi everyone,
I think the IM works faster, but can't swear too it.
My husband gives me mine and he gives them to me in the upper arm.  IM is how it is written.  My sister is a nurse and she used to give my Mom her shots.  When she gets back from vacation I'll ask her if it makes a difference.  My doctor just upped my dose to once every 2 weeks and I'm thinking I may have to start doing them myself, so I may have to do the leg or butt cheek.  Not sure what is IM or SQ though?
Have been lately haveing neuro problems. Neuropathy and muscle twitching, it comes and goes. My doctor feels it may be related to autoimmune problems and Crohns. Anyone else have these type of issues?
No, I am not on any meds. Funny thing is all started when I started a candida/fungal cleanse. Very odd.
Had test for B12 no problems there.
Crohn's disease unfortunately can have an extraintestinal manifestation involving the peripheral nerves. I have small fiber nerve damage determined  to be the result of long term undiagnosed Crohn's. You need to see a neurologist and get the proper testing to determine if you have nerve involvemet and if so, what type.
I have had crohn's disease for 30 some years now. 4 years ago started having major neuro problems....am suspected of having MS. I posted a similar question a while back regarding people having more than one autoimmune disease. The response was quite interesting.
Resection in 2000 at ileum, lost 8" small, 8" large. I don't know my B12 numbers but doctor didn't mention low B12.

hi all, tinglebell, do you have any websites or somewhere i could look for the B12 stuff?&nbsp; Something maybe I can show a doctor?&nbsp; My B12&nbsp;has been&nbsp;below 400 for some time but&nbsp;it's in "normal" range.&nbsp;&nbsp;The list of stuff that could be causing neuro symptoms but have been eliminated is huge, but the actual cause has&nbsp;not yet been identified.&nbsp; I am supposed to have more tests soon.&nbsp; Speaking of, has anyone had "evoked potential" tests?&nbsp; Maybe Ides?
I have been in remission for approx. 13 years.&nbsp; Colonoscopy last summer (even though I had no symptoms!) showed minor inflammation so GI has me on Imuran.&nbsp; When I last flared 13 years ago, it presented as blockages.&nbsp; In the past 2 months I have had some severe back pain, but today I notice the pain seems to spread around to the abdomen.&nbsp; My back seems to be especially sore when I sit (especially on a hard chair - rectal pressure?)&nbsp; I had xrays on my lower back and SI joint which have ruled out AS, but the discomfort is not getting better at all.&nbsp;&nbsp;Any thoughts - could it be Crohn's related?&nbsp; Not even sure which doctor I should be seeing!!!
I have a real hard time sitting on my butt because of B12 neuropathy. Causes burning pain from hips to below thighs.
I have a very similar thing going on.  I can tell that pressing on my inner buttock (onto the pelvic floor muscles) increases my discomfort, so rectal pressure may well be a factor.  I sit for long periods at my job.  GI and I still are in the process of eliminating AS as a cause so I'm not much help to you.  Just wanted you to know that you're not alone with your symptom.  Hopefully we'll both know more soon.
Had a CT scan of my bowels and while they showed that my CD is inactive, a nodule was found on the lower left lobe of my lungs. Now the testing to find out what it is and if I need to be concerned.
Randy sure hope everything turns out ok.  You know someone else recently said they found something similar on their CT scan.  Sorry can't remember who, but I know it was very recently.  Will definetly keep you in my prayers.
Hi Cheer  Hope things work out for you hang in there.Best wishes lol gail
I'll be sending you positive thoughts and keeping you in my prayers.
nanners, that was me the other randy... Randy, i have th same thing now since may. nothing in march or april then in may about
They found one on my lung during a CT scan also and have just been watching it.  I get a new scan every 6 months, it's been going on for almost 2 years, and no changes thankfully.
Wow this is sounding more common than I thought. 

For all of you with new concerns and worries....spots on your lungs etc. you are on my prayer list. Prayer said for you right now!
Randy,    Matthew

Has anyone ever had problems with painkillers causing bloating? I'm wondering if that could be contributing to my constant bloating as well Just a thought. I also wonder if my D turned into C because of the painkillers as well. Before I was put on them I had constant D and then it turned into C. Neither are a good thing but now i'm am planning on tapering off the painkillers and wonder if my D will come back? But it would be nice for the bloating to go away.
I went to my doctor and asked for pain medicine for my aches, he gave me some reluctantly and I had to promise to only take them when I really needed them. He said that it could cause C.... He gave me vicodin.... Hope this hleps.Living with Crohns for 1 year.&nbsp;I have a wonderful husband and two beautiful little girls. 
Narcotic painkillers can slow the system enough to produce C that endangers a patient. Toxic megacolon, which can be fatal, is one possible result. That's why some physicians refuse to prescribe such drugs to CD patients. 
If you have had allergic reactions to Remicade, have you ever had allergic reactions to any other medications?
I have only taken remicade. My reactions are basically joint pain,fatigue and headaches. I suppose they are reactions to the remi since I've never had problems with these symptoms before.
I am on Remicade and Imuran.  Imuran almost seems useless to me.  I never went into a real remission using it.  I've only had 2 Remicade infusions, but I'm still on Prednisone, so it's hard to say with that, as well.  I've experienced hair loss with Imuran and fatigue and headaches with Remicade.  Hopefully someone else will be able to give you some better news with these drugs!  Good luck!
Has anyone had any experiences with UHC and HUMIRA. Right now Im trying to get it through a company out of pittsburg called pharacare. The process with them just seems to be taking forever.
Thanks for helping. Im new to having to use my health insurance, this year was the first time I'd been to a doctor othre than regular imunizations and physicals for school etc. They are both kinda farting around. I contactted UHC and they said becuae of htte type of medication I could only get it trough pharmacare. so I ccalled and set up a account with pharmacare and had the perscript
MBJOH     
I have UHC as my health insurance company but just as the controller.  I think my company pays for all insurance items.  It has been wonderful though.  My last two hospitalization were both over 50,000 and I only had to pay $80.00 and that was just the difference between a private and semi-private rooms.  I don't know what I would do without it but I do know that now I'm stuck having to work even though I have enough time to retire because I can't afford to lose my insurance.  Well, at least I'm still young enough even though I sure would like to stay at home everyday.
Hi all,
Steph, tess
Maybe since you took Remi before they can change you to Humira.  I know alot of folks have had alot of relief with the Humira.
When I first got sick my joints hurt so bad! When I was in the hospital my ankles hurt so bad that my husband had to lift me from bed to the bed side commode. I get aches now but nothing that severe. They ran every test they could trying to figure out what was wrong w/ me and the RA test came back 15 and normal is 14 and lower so the docs said that it wasn't a problem. I don't have any great advice. The only thing that helps - a little anyway - is a hot bath and if i'm luck my hubby will give me a massage. It does sound like your pain meds aren't working. I have never been but have often seen people suggest a pain management clinic, just a thought. Hope you find relief soon.Living with Crohns for 1 year.&nbsp;I have a wonderful husband and two beautiful little girls. 
last night after taking tylnol pm and advil plus the combo with the lidoderm patches the pain finally eased up greatly.  The pain meds (fentanyl and dilauded) are from my recent surgeries and I need to be off of them to return to work in 2 weeks.  I will still have dilauded po prn but cannot drive with the fentanyl.  Hopefully this will be it for my joint pain for a while.  I have usually taken advil in the past for it but have been fearful to take more than recommended on the bottle even tho my neuro said it was ok.  The reason being is of my newly missing parts of intestines.  Dx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
I wrote a week ago about my thyriod. Well I have thyroiditis.&nbsp; My SED rate was&nbsp; 96!!!!&nbsp; 
What medicine did they treat you with for the thyroiditis? That could be causing sx. (hopefully)
JEESHHHHHH
It seems like when I eat, I fill up so fast and the food seems to stay in my stomach so long that after hours I can belch some of it up.I always feel better by morning or if I dont eat much. If I dont eat i always get pain. If I do eat then pain starts about 10 minutes later.
I would suggest consulting with a GI on this and maybe having an upper scope. Early satiety can be a sign of several things, among them a stomach tumor.
I second Mike on this one.  Go see your GI doc.&nbsp;

I have had this recently but mine is due to my surgeries and still recovering.  I would definitely see your GIDx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
Agree with Mandolen, it sounds like possible gastroparesis to me as well.&nbsp; I had nearly identical symptoms for a couple of weeks last year and was found to have temporary gastroparesis (mine luckily only lasted a couple of weeks then returned to normal).&nbsp;&nbsp; We were trying to figure out if I had Crohn's, and I had the capsule endoscopy done at the time.&nbsp; The pillcam stayed in my stomach for the entire 7 hours (normal time in the stomach is 20minutes)!&nbsp; There was still food in my stomach from a couple days before!
Could it possibly be low acid as well?  Just a thought.
I'm not going to suggest not seeing a doctor; it's not my place at all, and I don't know the severity or frequency of the pain, or how long this has been going on.  But I've had this problem a couple times, and it's always gone away.  It hurts when I'm hungry, and then shortly after I eat, and it's stressful and uncomfortable, but it's always eventually gone away.  But you should see a doctor if it worries you, or if the pain is significant.
It's been about

Hi Tom I am no expert here but I would think that if she were having a lot of pain,D that last  or changes in symntoms. I would also make sure that she has regular visits to GI other then that you could ask her Dr. Sometimes it can be a wait and see thing try not to get too worried about things you'll know when things get worse.The only other way I can think of is the scopes or test they do to check internally has she had any or does her DR. feel she needs any? Nice to see such a loving Dad but sometimes it is best for her for you not to worry so she doesn't get anxiety when not needed. Hope this helps some .lol gail
Thank-You for your responses. I will inquire about
Lately I have been having the tummy gurgles after not having them for about
Hi Descrapster I too get that rumbling around in there not sure what kind of sign it is but sure is noisy at itmes the worst is when I like to have some sleep perhaps tose more expercienced will let us know. lol gail
Well...I always get worried when I hear no noise.  That usually means I am blocking up.  I think we should get a chorus together and make a gurgling tummy album!  We could recreate the classics, make a jazz album, then a holiday special.  My husband laughs at the noises too , '03 fistulas and bad flagyl reactions, only on B12 and vitamin supplements now
Habs... I see that you had fistulas and bad reactions to Flagyl.  I have one fistula and the flagyl made my toes numb. How did you get rid of the fistulas?
I heard that tummy noises were good, a sign that things are diegesting and moving along....maybe ask your doc and see what he says about
D...I had a seton placed.  Fortunately, my one fistula was perianal and involved limited muscle tissue.  As the RN told me &quot;it's the best kind to get if you have to have a fistula&quot;.  I am considering some of the higher power drugs if I have another fistula, but I liked the relatively non=invasiveness of the seton.  I am seeing my gi doc in about, '03 fistulas and bad flagyl reactions, only on B12 and vitamin supplements now
OK so how do you get your bananas to ripen when you need them????&nbsp; I only eat bananas that are ripe so they are soft, but if I wait 2 seconds to long, they are brown.&nbsp; Having nasty muscle cramps and tingling in my hands---I know my potassium is low.&nbsp; Gotta eat the monkey fruit, but I can't get them the way I like.&nbsp; The store ones are still a little green so I have to wait to eat them, then I end up tossing them because I miss the "good to eat" period.&nbsp; Any ideas other than making sure they hang instead of lying on the counter???&nbsp; Can you force them to ripen like you do peaches?&nbsp; Can you keep them from browning someway?, '03 fistulas and bad flagyl reactions, only on B12 and vitamin supplements now
Actually potatoes have more potassium in them then bannanas&nbsp;
You can put them in a brown paper sack to ripen in a day or two. I don't know if I'm making this up but have maybe heard to try sticking it in the microwave for 10-30 seconds? It's worth a try!
MMM....thanks I did not realize that!  I am going to the store now and get banana and more potatoes.  Maybe that's why I was craving frenhc fries this last week!?!?!?!, '03 fistulas and bad flagyl reactions, only on B12 and vitamin supplements now

Searched the web - 
This website is about
I think I have heard somewhere that you can put them in the fridge (once they are ripe) and they will not turn brown so fast.... I'm not positive though.... I'm not a big banana eater. Good Luck,Living with Crohns for 1 year.&nbsp;I have a wonderful husband and two beautiful little girls. 
I just love frech fries with a bit of jerk seasoning on them and a mound of katsup and bbq sause&nbsp;
OK MMM, now I am craving fries again.  I'm going to cave in and make some homemade salt and garlic fries tonight.  Yes, the tummy hurts, but the will power is weak , '03 fistulas and bad flagyl reactions, only on B12 and vitamin supplements now
Hello, Erica
Erica, It's time for a change. You can do it girl.  You need to find a doc who will take the time to care for you.  Letting you go for a week like that and risking a problem with obstruction is proof that he's &quot;just not that into you&quot;.  I know it's hard to change, but if you don't you could get sicker and you can't afford that.  Think of it as moving on to something better. I will keep my fingers crossed that you find the right GI for you!!!

not me, but I wanted to say welcome. Hope that you can get your questions answered. Maybe you could just post your questions, someone might be able to help in some way.... Anyway, glad you found us.Living with Crohns for 1 year.&nbsp;I have a wonderful husband and two beautiful little girls. 


Hi all,
I love them, too but I don't really eat them anymore. Sugar and carbs are bad for me and my abscesses.    
I am also a English muffin lover but I put a slice of processed cheese on them.&nbsp; On a good day I do the egg, ham and cheese........but I pay for that one usually.;o)&nbsp; I've never tried them with peanut butter but I'm always looking for new&nbsp;ways to try food.=o)
i have had a seton in for a anal fistula for a few months.&nbsp; for the past 3 days, i have had pain and terrible itching down there.&nbsp;&nbsp;all day long&nbsp;feels very sore and burns especially when i sit.&nbsp; also, i have started going diaherra alot and i constantly feel like i have to go even when nothing comes out.&nbsp; i just sit on the toliet and push trying to get some relief.&nbsp; i was able to look down there in a mirror and it's not red and looks okay, it doesn't look infected.&nbsp; i was wondering if anyone else has had this happen or if they know what the problem could be.&nbsp; thanks
There could be several reasons. Are you doing regular sitz baths? It's possible that the drainage is backing up and making the area sore or that an abscess is forming. I know when I get an abscess,have a hard time going, even with loose stools. I would check with the Dr.
i forgot to mention that i have been checking my temperature regularly and i haven't had one but two nights ago i had night sweats bad.&nbsp; i thought that i would probably have a temp if it was an abcess but not sure.&nbsp; 
The abscess is a very big possibility.  I have a fistula with a drain in it now and I know that whenever I go to the bathroom it gets really sore!  The more you go the longer it hurts.  Try to do as many sitz bath as you can a day, at least 2-3.  That is the only thing that makes me feel better.  The epsom salt companies are making a killing off of me lately!

Im just curious....for craps and giggles can you see if &quot;epifoam&quot; which is a prescript
I am in a bad jam!!!  I just found out that my insurance under my dad ends on my birthday. Well my birthday is in two weeks so Im in a scramble to find a provider. I spoke with an agent and once she found out I had Crohn's, she told me they would all deny me because of this. What am I supposed to do. Im on so many perscriptions and Im scared that Im going to have to go off of the steroids cold turkey and get really sick because I have no insurance to go to the doctor!!!  Any help would be appreciated.
How old are you? Are you going to be a full time student? Can you go on COBRA until you can get your own insurance? COBRA is expensive but if you are losing your insurance, your dad can call his carrier and request a COBRA contract. It's usually very expensive-maybe $400-$600 per month but it would help you avoid the pre exisitng condition problem when you do get insurance.
I though President Clinton ridded all US healthcare insurance companies of the pre existing clause making it illegal.  I amy be wrong though.Dx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
I am about to turn 23 and am a full time student. But my father is military and they told me that they dont care what the insurance companies say they remove me on my birthday. I cant believe that insurance companies can do this to people.
ok...my suggestion...go to  www.mib.com   and order your report...see if anything shows up...it comes relatively fast in the mail
Have you considered medicaid? You could use it temporarily to get you through until you graduate and get a job with benefits.  That's what I did when I was in college. I was 23 and on my own and medicaid was a life saver. I didn't feel bad either because that's what it's there for.  I had worked plenty before hand and paid into the &quot;system&quot; and I worked plenty afterwards too.  I don't know what the requirements are and I don't know if you need to be independent, but I think the rules say that you can't have your dad claim you as a dependent on his taxes because then they will take his income into consideration.  Check it out. It might be a viable option for you.
I finally have insurance!!!! OMG ITS such a relief after being in pain since January.
Sure hope everything holds out till you can see him.  Make sure you stay on that liquid/soft diet till then.  Good Luck!
Congrats on getting new insurance.Hi, I am teddybearweiser, I am a male.
I am over joyed for you..............................Curley
Hi Song So glad you will get the help you need let us know how things are going and hope your feeling a little better it must be very stressful for people waiting on insurance to kick in .I am waiting on some word too for my meds . Anyway  I am sooo  .. happy for you . lol gail
So happy for you I know what a relief that is I hope you get the best care possible now.
Hey, is it really hard to get insurance when you have Crohn's? I'm still covered by my dad's, but I'm 17 and I don't know how long it's gonna last.  Is it hard to get coverage/ are the rates really high?
Okay so Ive been living with some pretty excruciating bone pain for say now 6mths. I keep it controlled to where I can live my life with Pred but want to come off the Pred and start with other stuff.
Everyday of my 32 years with this disease!  Its sucks!  I think we all can sympathize.
YEAH I think Ive decided I will not talk about
That's the ticket.  I've stopped talking to just about
I can relate songstress. My wife is great, she understands she has rheumatios arthritis. so she can relate to at least that part of my crohn's. My kids on the other hand think I'm making it all up. It also seems like the people at work think it's cool becouse I can't work every day. &quot;Wow must be nice having so many free days off&quot; Oh yea its great feeling like **@#$% every day. Its easy to fake things for a short time, but not for year after year. best wishes to you and hope you feel some relief soon.

I just recently weaned off pred, am on remicade x 3 doses now, and I just went to the rheumy also who told me to take ES tylenol for my neck and finger joint swelling and pain. I think he thought I was going to ask him for pain meds. If he were the last doc on earth I wouldn't ask him. I can get what I need from my PMD. Usually I take 1 or seldom 2 Lortab a day. And yes, my sisters are afraid I will be a junkie. The problem is most people know that I have been ill and they always ask, &quot;how are you feeling&quot;. Well my answer has been lately, not much change. I don't feel great. (Spent 2 days in the hosp last week for vom, h/a and D). Two relatives said, we didn't know. First of all, I am too sick to talk to anyone, and my s/o was watching out for me at the hosp. I think it may have been withdrawal from steroids. I met 2 very dear ex-coworkers while I was there, and they said, &quot;I didn't even know you had crohn's&quot;.
well I think I am saying this right..but isnt MY PAIN subjective NOT objective?? Why does anyone much less a doctor think that they can tell someone they are NOT hurting. I really hope that I dont get a doc that says take Tylenol becuz I do and it DOESNT work and I take ibprofen like candy even tho I know its not good for me but its anti-inflammatory and definitely has more of an effect on joint swelling/pain then some Tylenol.
thanks both of you! I wll ask my other Dr for something for the pain. Maybe he will be more symathetic. 
karen make sure u let him know that he &quot;can't&quot; feel your pain so how can he know how much you are in..remember pain is not objective  GL KUP!!!!!!!

thanks Songstress! that is so true no one can feel what I am feeling.
Have you ever had your liver enzymes checked since you are on Imuran?? That caused me severe joint pain that landed me in the hospital for 6 days because my enzymes were dangerously elevated from Imuran.
hi Song  I know that pain can stress us out when we have it  and sometimes maybe we do sound a little hypo.... anyway I guess it sort of comes with all those times we feel like this has gotta  stop hurting .Really hope your Drs. can help you that is a long time to be hurting. lol gail
songstress, isn't it great you thought you were just venting and others feel like you do too! You certainly helped me a lot. I hope you realize that.
those of you that ahve been on a low-dose of prednisone 10mg and under..how long till you saw side effects?..yes, i'm mostly speaking of weight gain and moon face: ) or did you never get sde-effects at all??..tia!
just mood swings...and hunger..oh and insomnia
The only side effect, other than moon face paranoia, that I have had is insomnia
Hello everyone. I have just a curious question. My son 17 craves eating cold products when flaring like ice cream,cold drinks etc. Can anyone else relate to this? Just curious!Thanks for your input.
I crave hot foods. Mac and cheese(real, of course,not boxed!),mashed potatoes,soup, stuffing etc.
I crave cold foods just because I seem to have like hot flashes during a flareup.&nbsp; I feel warm just before a major dash to the washroom and after I feel like I'm sitting on a stove.&nbsp; Not sure why this happens though.
I suck on ice cubes all the time. .....several times a day. I know the more tired I get, the thirstier I seem to be. I don't like drinking water, you know , like the 8 glasses a day they say you should get....so I suck on ice cubes....works for me.

Ce Ce,Living with Crohns for 1 year.&nbsp;I have a wonderful husband and two beautiful little girls. 

Hello everyone,
My prayers are with you and your family. I hope your nana gets better and so do you.
Hi Steph Hope things improve soon certainly sounds like things have been pretty stressful for you lately my family been threw a rough year too and it sure is hard sometimes when it is people who are close to us .My thoughts are with you. Glad to hear your almost off the meds for pain. I was actually feeling like cleaning today so I started washing the kitchen down been over a yaer now and sure looking better. Just put that in there to kind of talk about how things are going here. Did have some argument with my one and only teen which gets me down a little. Usually I do cleaning when I get too down. Are you able now to do most your housework? hope in time you get some relief from all the things that are going on . lol gail
Dear One,
I'm so sorry to hear that you and your family are going through such a troubling time.  I'm ashamed to complain about
Hello all,
That sucks. Sounds like they need to have a different room for the xray development. I wish I had some great advice but I really don't. When I was a kid we had a port-a-potty that we used when the sewer line would freeze. (But only at night - the rest of the time we had to use an outhouse and freeze our butts off.) I guess for emergency purposes you could get one and keep it in the trunk of your car. Is there a storage closet you could use at work or something? It seems like a crazy idea, but it's gotta be better than the alternative..... Good Luck,Living with Crohns for 1 year.&nbsp;I have a wonderful husband and two beautiful little girls. 
By looking at my meds. below, can you give me your opinion on whether or not I should wear a medical bracelet or necklace.&nbsp; I had a pharamacist ask me if I owned one, so I was just wondering what you all thought.&nbsp; Thanks-hope everyone is feeling as well as possible.
people with CD should have a med alertDx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
Hi, I belong to medic alertHi, I am teddybearweiser, I am a male.

I also have one that says Check Wallet card. This way I can update my card when I want to. 
Thank you all for your responses...looks like I better get one.&nbsp; That's a good idea to have one that says to look at a card that way you can update it without getting a new bracelet.
Yes, I have had a medic alertMichele
I have the medic alert
So I had my second colonoscopy today (my first was in March of this year). My doctor found ulcers this time, as well as what was there before, and said it was pretty red and inflamed. He's having me stop the Entocort and stay on the Pentasa... but I have to start using Prednisone. Then I need to talk with him about Prednisone, Humira, and Remicade.. I would really really appreciate it.
Hi Brit so glad you made it to your first classes that's a big wow...The pred. should bring you around and help the pain it works fast on me. A lot of people seem to have good results with Rem.I am on it and my fistula healed I am having to get mine upped but that is sort of normal for that drug. I will say that I don't have much pain anymore and am fuinally washing walls after almost a year and a half so consider it a good thing .I find with the pred. I smoke more not a good thing but is great on the inners. Best Wishes sent to you and am happy you managed to get to the Dr. lol gail
Hey Brit, pred was almost a good thing for me in law school. It made me never want to sleep so I had more time than a lot of other 1Ls. I would be up at 3 am and actually felt like reading cases! Fitzy is right too, most profs keep track of who they call on so you should be safe for a while. 
I haven't been on here in awhile, I don't know whether to jump for joy or off the roof. You see I just found out I've been approved for medicaid but I had to set an appt with Social Security to apply for disability. well I did that right away and&nbsp;I know it's a tough process to get approved. I had already had an exam from a Dr that SS sent me to two weeks ago. It's all so mysterous because the stories of waiting years depends on a lot of things. From what I am hearing I may be in luck (.
Hi Will do just that and cheering you on for the help you need. Had the afraid to go to sleep thing a week ago and got my pred upped to 20 sleeping better worked like a charm so up goes my Rem. but I figured it would in time .Best Wishes lol gail
keeping u in my thoughts!! hoping u feel better soon
I'm so sorry I haven't posted in over a week.&nbsp; I had posted last week about difficulty working and feeling horrible with fatigue, muscle aches, headaches, etc.&nbsp; First off, I can't thank you enough for all of your replies.&nbsp; You are all like family to me.&nbsp; So, an update......
Hi Julie glad to hear your healing and sounds like you had a pretty hard year. Hoping the rest will do you some good .lol gail
Julie I think you should try to get in with a Rheumatologist.  A Rheumy would be a good person to see whats going on with your joints and tell you that you might have Fibro or something else going on.  I think all Crohnnies should see a Rheumy.  Good Luck to you.
hi,vicky
Welcome to Healingwell. You have found a wonderful place for support and information. That being said I don't have any great advice. I agree w/ Navy it's time to see a derm. I have had hives, eurthym (sp) nodusum, and psoriasis in the last year and a half - before that my skin was always good so I can only chalk it up to being the Crohns doing crazy things to my system. It does sound like your symptoms are getting worse. Seems to me its better to take care of it sooner rather than later, again I agree w/ Navy call your GI right away. Hopefully someone will come along w/ more specific information. Just wanted to say welcome!Living with Crohns for 1 year.&nbsp;I have a wonderful husband and two beautiful little girls. 
pred did that to my face...(the whiteheads like pinpoint heads all over my face..it was nasty!!!)
Hi Vicky hope you feel better soon I follow a low roughage diet made that change in Jan. I take meds for my CD and now don't get pains .I never had the spot thing going on hope things clear up soon. Welcome to HW it is agreat sight and the help and support are awesome everyone is so kind and caring. lol gail
Right now I am on the standard 5mg/kg..started this about 5 infusions ago and now I am having problems all over again...my doctor has reccomended going to the max dose of 10mg/kg every 4-6weeks...did any of you that have done this see any great improvements??..also those of you on remicade then was put on an immunosurpessant(sorry sp) in combination..did that help at all??..tia
Danielle,
Hi mine was increased this year and it helped me alot.Hi, I am teddybearweiser, I am a male.
I have had several increases over the past year and a half.&nbsp; I am now at the max dose of 10mg/kg every 4 weeks.&nbsp; I didn't really notice much of a difference or improvement in my symptoms; however, I just had a Colo a few days ago and the GI said there was an amazing improvement from my last Colo.&nbsp; Still symptomatic, but healing inside, if that makes any sense.... Good luck to you!&nbsp; Julie
I am having a colonoscopy on Thursday and I will be doing the osmo prep pills.&nbsp; Do you all have any advice on what to do to make it as tolerable as possible? My appt is at 7am Thursday morning.
I use the visicol tablets (not sure if they are the same).  I found chicken broth and tea helped the cramping.  I used apple juice last time to take with the pills, before when it was 40 pills instead of 28 you use to have to take all of it with ginger ale.  Just remeber dont have any clears that are red.  You may want to get those charmin wet wipes in the toilet paper isle makes cleaning up less irritating than just plain TP.  GL with your prep and testDx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
Before doing any prep, it's always best to try and stick with a mostly liquid type diet for 2 days before prepping, this cuts way down on the cramping as there's very little solid food left in you that has to come rushing out so quickly from the prep...having solid food in you being quickly broken down into D and rushing out of you is where the major cramping comes from.
The prep pills were a horrid experience for me.  It was a couple of months b4 I had surgery.  Got deathly sick at the end.  Vomited so much it ended bright red.  I called the doctor on call and he wanted me to go to the ER.  I said no way. I'm poooping every five minutes and you want me to go to the ER? Where I'd have to not only stop 5 or 6 times on the way to poop, but also have to poop in a public bathroom.  Toughed it out, had the colonoscopy the next day.  The Go-Lytly is nasty, but I have found it easier to tolerate.  I HOPE you do better than I did.
I haven't had to use the pills, just the gallon of the go-lytely prep. I'm not sure if your doctor requested the pills  for a reason, but I've told my doc I couldn't take the pills since I had class and stuff I had to do on the day of the prep. If you can, I would suggest doing the drinking prep. It's not fun either, but I feel like for some reason it's a bit easier on me than what I've heard from family members who did the pills. Regardless of all that, get plenty of juices and popsicles and broth. You won't want much to eat or drink, but you need to keep hydrated. I hope everything goes well for you next week. Good luck!
The last time I had a colonscopy I took Visicol tabs for the prep, and it was hard for me as I was supposed to drink a whole glass of water with each dose of tabs. I found myself pretty nauseated from all of the liquid, but that could have also been because I was in a severe flare at the time.
I hope some of you can give me so advice. Since I have been diagnosed with Crohn's I hae good spells and I have bad speels jus tlike everyone else. My question is, When I'm starting a bad spell it seems that Im realtivly okay unitl I eat someting. No cramps or gas or nausea but after I eat it is alomost an immedeate flip and I feel that way for three hours or so then starting feeling better, then of coaurse few hous later antoher meal and it starts over again. Anyone have similar issue?
It's not uncommon to have this kind of discomfort due to narrowing of the intestines by inflammation or scarring, for example. That's one reason many crohnies lose weight--because it hurts too much to eat. Smaller frequent meals can help with this sometimes.
Hello,
I can have red meat but very little per week or my belly will act up.&nbsp; At my old GIs office one of the other GIs there had a list of foods that are common in causing IBD symptoms and red meat was in the top 5 listed
what is it about meats that are low fat?
I have been meat free for a couple of years.It does not matter if it's red or white meat.I can eat fish but aboutCurley
Read this CBC article very intersting let me know what u think of it and it's relationship with Crohn's.
I've heard by my colon and rectom surgeon that stress can exacerbate CD symptoms, he told me to keep my life as stress free as possible and learn to deal with stress so it doesn't affect my disease as bad...stress is also a major trigger for Ulcerative Colitis and&nbsp;IBS.
Luckily there's an anti-IL-6 trial underway in Crohn's patients in Australia.  It'll be interesting too see the results.
I am needing advice from those who had surgery, I know Randy could answer this. I have a pinching, burning feeling in my gut to the right and bottom of my surgery site, they went to the right of my bellybutton and gave me about
Not feeling so well lately. Everyone else can see it on my face too. They say I look real tired and worn down. That's exactly how I feel too. I was doing so much better for a while with that. I had even stopped taking a nap every day like I was. Had some stress, which seems to be all it takes. Had a real bad diarrhea and pain attack yesterday and this morning had pain that I swore was going to be a repeat. But luckily it passed. Kinda worried because in the past feeling like this has lead to flares. Before my GI bleed I looked really crappy, very pale (which I don't think I am right now) and so very tired. I don't want to worry, only will make it worse. 
Hi Jenn Sorry to hear your not feeling so great perhaps your B12 is down have you been over doing things lately I know summers can be a time when we seem to be busy I go all the time but never seem to get caught up but I never get bored that way .I would give it a little time to see how things go if your not too sick .I don't nap anymore last year I was napping all the time and so.. wore out but then I had that giant abcs to come out in Nov. Sure hope things improve for you and maybe your needing some extra rest. lol gail
Just curious...I think pretty much most all of us suffer from rectal bleeding constantly..maybe Im wrong.
If it is darker then it is from higher up on the GI tract.  If this is a new symptom then probably need to talk with your doc.&nbsp;
Yeah, darker colors call for a little more concern. I commonly spot my shorts light red or pink. I consider that normal for me & not alarming. If I see very dark red, purple, or black I start worrying..   Matthew
thx to all of you
yes I do that.  But I think it is something you need to chat with your GI about&nbsp;
I get all rectal bleeding checked unless I know for sure it is coming from my hemi. Wonder if Dodge would be interested in me. I can always say, yeah I gat a hemi.

Jill, thanks honey I needed that............

Did you all see him on oprah?&nbsp;
great video!! could watch it over and over...makes me tear up
Hi all, I'm new to the forum.Thank you and good luck to all of you
I loved Remicade..I was able to drop so many of my meds when I went on it.....hoping to get back on it really soon!!
With having crohns affecting the colon it slightly increases the risk of cancer but it must also be factored in how long the disease remains in the colon and how severe it is as well, still the risk only increases slightly compared to someone without crohns-colitis or ulcerative colitis.
Hi again and thank you to all who have given input as to my previous post (IBS or Crohns?)&nbsp; I have been doing a lot of reading, and I have an appt. with the GI tomorrow - I'm a nervous wreck about skin tags, if this could be what I have had all the time, just didn't know it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks for your help - I am glad I found this board.&nbsp; 
That does sound like skin tags. Do a search for "skin tags" and you should see a post by pb4. She posted links to a website with actual photos that many people found very helpful.
It sounds like skin tags to me...my understanding is skin tags are dead tissue..whereas hemmeroids are still 'live' tissue..just inflammed..my skin tags sound just like yours(littles earlobes..clustered around the anus)..i dont not have HPV..as i was just checked thoughly due to me recent pregnancy..my skin tags came on as little hemmies and over the years and flares have gotten bigger and bigger and now just stay about
The surgeon who did my hemroid surgery told me I had anal warts caused by HPV.&nbsp; This was before my Crohn's diagnosis.&nbsp; Skin tags are skin tags.&nbsp; The only way to tell for sure if they were caused by HPV (according to that doctor, and granted he was a serious butthead) is to biopsy them.&nbsp; If you have Crohn's, that's most likely where they came from.
I tired to find the post here ar HW where I put the link for those pictures and I cannot for the life of me find it...so if a mod or anyone eles could step in to find it and re-post it that would be great...then I'll copy it into my favorits...
Hello everyone I'm new here and just wanted to say Hi. Ive been reading the posts for a little while now and am very glad to have found you. Its not easy talking to people about
Hello, glad you found us. You will find a wealth of information here, and lots of support...........
Welcome!! I am glad you found HW.
Hey guys, I haven't been on in a really long time.  I am currently flaring right now, and I have been on oral prednisone for over a week and a half, and my bleeding has gotten worse.  Shouldn't it be getting better?  I'm not sure if I should call the doc or give it a little more time to work.  Any input?  Thanks!
&nbsp;Poopington McToot's&nbsp; euphamism on the TP usage thread cracked me up.("Stocking the porcelain pond with brown trout")&nbsp; This has probably been done already on this forum, but I missed it, so I thought I'd throw mine in, and see if anyone had any new ones to offer.
dropping the kids off at the pool

I'm a Bills fan so I could NEVER even consider Browns and Super Bowl in the same sentence , '03 fistulas and bad flagyl reactions, only on B12 and vitamin supplements now
I like the euphemism &quot;painting the town brown.&quot;
After several weeks I gave in to my doctors demands and let him examine my rectum. I was so terrified that I actually made myself a drink beforehand!! But, anyway, I checked out great! No sign of the fissure or others. Just for the sake of Catch 22 I did find out I was possibly allergic to the wipes I'm using and had a small rash.
I'm not saying this is what your problem is but the only I idea I have is that it may be from inflammation in the area. I have lots of rectal problems and this is a regular occurance with me. It almost feels like a suppository is stuck in there. 
Thanks Ginger. That sounds about right.
I'm glad to hear your fissure is gone.  I was just wondering what you did to help it go away and how long did it take? I have been battling with 2 of them and I don't know how much more I can take...I am ready to go ahead and schedule my surgery but I am afraid of more complications.

Thanks Snappy:

Thanks for the kind words snappy. I'm hoping remicade will work!
Thank you!
Thank you!
I tried searching for a past post on this and could not find one even though I am sure there was.&nbsp; I am having nasty cramping, nausea and am not eating solids.&nbsp; I had stopped Pentasa as my new Gi said it wasn't working on the area where I show most symptom (butt).&nbsp; However,&nbsp;the cramping is happening further up---surgery site and upper abdomen.&nbsp; I have a ton of Pentasa still and was going to take it.&nbsp; Have doc appointment next week and was wondering if this might kick in before then.&nbsp; Had been on it so long, I can't rem how long it took to show signs of improvement.
Hi, from what the pharmacist told me, it takes up to 21 days to be effective but it is not uncommon for it to take up to 30 days. You should keep in mind that you should be getting better during that time and not worse. Also you should not take it upon yourself to decide to take medicine that your doctor has stopped you from taking. Also you might want to check with the nurse of your Gi to see if she could help you in the meantime.Sad Mom!
Yes this is a very mild drug, you shouldn't have any problems taking it again.  I take Asacol now, but use to use Pentasa.  I think a few weeks sounds about
I'm new to the forum and have noticed hardly any mentions using the medication Rowasa. It's the only thing I take for Crohn's.&nbsp; Is this an ancient method?&nbsp; I've had a mild case of Crohn's for 21 years and when&nbsp;I get a flare, it works for me.&nbsp; 
Hello everyone, I am new to this forum. I have been reading it for a little while. I was seeking answers for my 1 zillions questions and was surprise to find quite a lot of infos on this forum from other members who are sharing their experiences and express it in plain language. Here is my story! My 21 year old son was diagnosed with Crohn's this month, the colonoscopy showed ulcers on the colon, he had diarrhea for a few months with times when the b/m were going all day from loose to by bedtime being watery. The Gi put him on Pantasa 2x500mg 4xday and refered him to a Crohn's specialist who saw him at the beggining of the month of August and put him on Metronidazole and mentionned that he should read about 6MP and write his questions if any, since he feels that 6MP is better for him to stop the flare. Here is the deal, I am wondering if it is not more prudent to wait a little and give Pantasa a chance, since it's only the 2nd month he is taking it. His b/m have gone from watery 4-5 times a day to once or twice a day (morning and night). However, he has blood in his stool every now and then but he feels that the blood happens when he forces during a b/m. From a few drops on the tp to clear blood in toilet. What do you think? Your comments would be appreciated.

Agreed.  Before I had to have surgery, I was in remission for many years with a combination of Pentasa and 6MPs sister, Imuran.  
Thank you MikeB for your reply. I am just wondering since from what I have found so far about MAP.  I also forgot to mentionned that this specialist put him on iron supplement since he was anemic, his hemoglobines were low and his white blood count was high. The doc says it was from the inflammation.

Thank you for your time, I appreciate the information you are giving me and it does give me a little peace of mind. How long did you take the Flagyl. The doctor gave him 2 weeks of it and renewable for 2 times. I am not sure how to handle that, but we will ask on the next time we see him in early sept. I have to be honnest and let everyone know that I am still skeptical of the dx, since nobody in both side of our family has or ever had Crohn's. The biopsies taken during the colonoscopy came back normal according to the specialist and from what I understand, it could have shown Crohn's. If it did not, does that mean it is not Crohn's.Sad Mom!
Thank you for your replies and yes it is bright red blood, the fresh type, just like when you just cut yourself. Also I do want to keep an Sad Mom!
Hi everyone,
You have a lot going on.&nbsp; You must feel like&nbsp;your world is crumbling all around you,dragonfly. Sorry you are going through a tough time. Hopefully, things will turn around soon. Keeping you and your family in my thoughts and prayers. (((((((((hugs))))))))))
(((hugs))), DragonFly. I&quot;m sorry you have so much going on in your life that isn't making it a bed of roses.
Wow, Dragonfly, it certainly is tough for you right now.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are in my thoughts and prayers.&nbsp; Try to relax and breathe&nbsp;deeply when you can.&nbsp; &nbsp;
Sorry you have all this going on in your life right now.  Will keep you in my prayers.
Hey guys I am starting to wonder if I will have any complications during my scop on wens (also getting an endoscoy) for the past week been going hard with the college parties&nbsp;each night and doing the stuff. Please dont say I will have problems just to scare me from doing this stuff, I know its bad (even though it doesnt really affect my crohns) and I am going to take it easy for a while but the scope is on wens so do you guys think I will be ok during it? I am being complelty put to sleep for the procedure. 
I don't think it will have any effect on your scope.  If anything, it might just be harder on your Crohns.  I think the alchohol would be harder on your gut than the other.  JMHO!
Stuff&nbsp;doesnt matter, but alcohol does a number on anyone the next day. But just dont drink tonight and tomorrow--you'll be fine.
I agree with what our other members have said, not knowing what the complete medical history and not having you in front of me, I have to say just talk to your doc. Because both things can affect blood pressure and pulse and therefore might cause problems, but they both leave the body system fairly quickly. The prep will cause dehydration. Please just be upfront with your doc about it because I don't want you to get charged for it if the doctor does cancel it because of these issues. 
I was told not to drink for one week prior to my scope. Might want to stop now and tell the doc for sure.
Tell your doctor everything, even if it is illegal substances. You don't know how anything remaining in your system will interact with the anesthesia meds. I saw a patient who suffered cardiac arrest while in surgery that&nbsp; may have been caused by using street drugs the week before. This patient lived but his brain went so long without oxygen that he was severely brain injured.&nbsp;Don't take a chance on your life.&nbsp;
I agree with Fitzy and Zazucat.  Tell the doctor!  Here's why:
Hi all,
I never had to use the Entocort for the joint pain so I don't have any answers for you on that.  But I am glad that you are going to see a Rheumy.   I really think that everyone of us Crohnnies should see one.  I just saw one for the first time last month and will be doing my follow up with her after all the tests she had me.  My follow up is this Friday.  Many of us suffer from Crohns related arthritis.  In me she suspects that I have either Inflammatory Arthritis or AS.  Whats good for us though is the treatment for these things helps not only our joints but our guts too.  i.e. Methotrexate or Humira.  I also got diagnosed with Fibromyalgia too (also common with Crohns).  Good Luck to you.
Thanks everyone for your support and suggestions. I seemed to be suffering from A CD symptom on both of my interviews for this job. (fissure one time then the other i was in pain )
I was just going to ask how the job interview went!   Woohoo!  So happy for you.  
Thanks!!!!
congrats :)Dx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
Way to go girl!!!!!!!!
Thanks everyone!
Great news! Congrats!!!
Hi Karen Hope your happiness last and your job brings you that less stress that you deserve.  It is so great to have things go good I bet your feeling on top of the world with a better income on the way . lol gail
wooopeeee!  a new place to use TP!
thanks Everyone! All of you are so great.
While busily working at my desk chewing gum, I coughed and swallowed the whole thing. I didn't really think much of it, but eventually got to thinking about it not being digestable and staying in your stomach for a long time... 
I don't think gum should be that big of a problem.  Remember it can change shapes, so I am sure it could fit thru a thin area.
I was recently started on Entocort and had an allergic reaction - bad vision, tongue tingling, sweating. Now my GI wants me to go on prednisone for 8 weeks, starting at 40 mg a day and tapering off. I'm worried that I will have a reaction to this as well, plus I'm just real concerned about withdrawal symptoms - what they were or how long they lasted?
Just wondering if anyone is going to attend this event.&nbsp; Some top docs will be there.&nbsp; Some of the topics include upcoming therapies, pregnancy, adolescent CD, etc.
I Don't want to sound to disgusting but, what is the average time it take for found to pass with most people. Today I had lunch at about
Thanks for the quick response. Ive never noticed before today and it seemed fast.
1-3 hours...some digested, some not.
It varies for me, it seems I have more BMs in the am however yesterday I went 2 times in the am (one before eating the other after eating, then 2 more after dinner.  Sometimes I can ID what came out cuz it looks the same as it went in.Dx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
Hi Final  Ued to be 3or 4 hours sometimes, when I was dx with IBS, but since I been on meds it takes longer and found this interesting that the other CDer's have had that undigested food  coming out too but I am still eating low roughage diet alyhough I might try a thing or two this week of some foods I haven't eaten in awhile. lol gail
Hey, --Allison
I also think it depends on whether or not you have strictures. For me things go through much slower now then when I was first diagnosed. used to be as little as 15 minutes.....now it can take days.
I just got to say that these are the BEST names I've heard on this site. Thanks for bringing a smile to my face.    
Maybe HUGGIES... or Luvs...
It was a toss up between Poopington McToot and The Flatulent Pimpernel.  Since my wife's Irish, McToot won out. 
Hi Gotta admit I got a good chuckle too.  Gotta love it!!!!!!! lol gail
Thanks for a good laugh.Hi, I am teddybearweiser, I am a male.
ANYONE EVER DONE THIS?&nbsp; HOW FAST DOES IT WORK?
Did you find this more tolerable than the traditional prep?&nbsp; I'm doing this one on Wed for scope Thurs morning and I am very nervous.&nbsp; My behind is already sore so I can't imagine how I am going to live through this!!
  &nbsp;Well the going down part was much more tolerable.&nbsp; My doc had me do round 1 beginning at 5 pm and then round 2 at 9 pm.&nbsp; It is 5 am and I have slept for 3 hours.
I was diagnosed about 2 months ago and have spent the last 6 months with some burning, slight bloating and small discomforts while exploring everything from GERD to depression as the cause of my symptoms. Almost immediately after my colonoscopy/endoscopy, my symptoms have gotten much worse. Can this be because they were in there with the scope? I mean, if my guts are sensitive could this possibly have made this worse? They took several biopsies as well.
I have heard of people getting perforations due to a colonoscopy but I would thing you would be much more ill if not worse than that since it was that long ago.  I would call your GI in the am or go to the ER today if it gets too bad.Dx with Crohn's 1987, symptoms as early as 1984. 
Hi Have you talked to your GI about this perhaps the imflamation is causing you more symnptoms or you are upset over your new DX stress can cause flare ups. Not sure what it is but hopefully your GI will be able to help you with that. Best Wishes .lol gail
3 ot of 4 GI's and one colon and rectom surgeon that I've seen over my 16 yrs have said that sometimes getting scoped can bring on a flare...which is why my colon and rectom surgeon did NOT want me to get scoped while I was 8 months pregnant, as he feared it would make my flare worse and risk putting me into premature labour as well.
I had my first colonoscopy in March due to an ache in my lower right abdomen that had lasted for several months.  Bladder and ovarian issues were ruled out. I had no other symptoms. (I had a stomach bug in December that my husband also had.)  Aside from food allergies (MSG, Pork), I have never had issues with my diet.  I am healthy, don't eat fast food, don't eat pre-packaged foods, don't smoke, don't use drugs, and consume very little alcohol (a glass of wine a month at most), and excercise daily.  I've never been overweight.   Since the colonoscopy, the symptoms have been terrible. The abdominal discomfort has increased, the bathroom trips remind me of food poisoning. I'm exhausted and I've lost 9 pounds. When I asked the GI, he responded that he'd had to take several tissue samples and that could have irritated the already inflamed tissue.  MRI and bloodwork confirmed Crohn's and UC.  I was concerned that something had happened during the scope...  seeing the other posts in this thread have answered some of my questions and I hope that my post helps as well.  Have not started treatment - can't do steroids due to a past reaction and waiting for approval from the insurance company to begin infusion therapy.
&nbsp; Did you evey notice that when your driving and the urge hits you, and you know you only have a short time to get to a restroom, there is always that guy in front of you that is driving soooooo slow that you can watch the grass grow?? Its like all is flowing along and then that sinking feeling comes over you and out of no where, Poof, there he is, slower than a herd of turtles. He puttin along with his head bouncing like a bobblehead doll, jammin to some Perry Como tune or something. Your back there all clinched up so tight your eyes are blurred. Talking to him does not help either. Your like, geeeeez come onnnn, turn, turn off, pleassssssssse turn . And then you see that signal come on. Ohhh boy,,turn,lets go, now,,turn, and he makes that slowwwwww motion ease off the road that takes just long enough for a car waiting at the stop sign to pull out in front of you before you can get past.. Guess what ,,,the guy that just pulled out ,,,yep,, its his brother.&nbsp;&nbsp;" CRAP." you say "Nooo don't crap"..just a few more miles, Then you start doing that breathing thing that they do in child birth. Whew, whew whew, just a little further, theres my turn, no no, hes turning there too,,,,,,,,,"CRAP. 
Sniper, You've made me feel so good. I have 16 hour drive to florida this weekend. I bet I come up against this guy, his brother. his wife and
hehehe....I think that guy just drives across the country his whole life because I am behind him all the time.Dx'd '90 (emergency rupture), symptoms ignored long before that,&nbsp;'03 fistulas and bad flagyl reactions,&nbsp;B12 weekly, Pentasa [until I surrender to the bigger meds] 
LOL!  Thanks Sniper, I needed a laugh!
Goodness,that guy is everywhere!
He must be, I live in Canada and I know that guy!!!!:) 

And why is it that the closer you get to the house or the bathroom the worse the urge or urgency becomes?  It's like I can hold it until about&nbsp;

This is all so funny but so true. That guy is a real traveler, he shows up in Tx alot, maybe it a cousin. My problems is my drive way is on a slant, so getting out of my car on that slant with that urge, tighting the butt cheeks does not always work in this scenario.lol   Susie
LOL!  He/She is in Southern California too.  Boy does the old sailor language come out of my mouth when their in my way.  When you gotta go, you gotta go!  It's not like we are trying to get to a local bingo parlor.  Geesh!  Thanks for the laugh Sniper.
Sniper,
I do the childbirth breathing too -- and thought I was the only one!
Dude, you are a goof.  :)
i really needed a laugh...thanks :).  You know...come to weatherford, tx.  Here it's the little old lady too short to see over the steering wheel driving reeeaaaalllyyy slow looking for garage sales....try getting behind that one.....LOL!  the breathing thing is so true.  
Hi Sniper the  darling has fled to Canada I've seen him a few times if he ever has a sniper license plate on his car we&quot;ll know for sure you been trying to keep us all in smiles.lol gail
OK...for those of you that have had C-ton's put in your fistula's...have you ever had them come out??
Great news!!! 
My daughter has gone through all of the testing for CF twice in the past 5 years and has still not been diagnosed because they cannot identify her gene mutations. She has a confirmed sweat test reading of 59, has shown asthma symptoms all of her life which are steadily getting worse, and she now shows the presence of p aeruginosa in her sputem test. She is now 8 years old and I am making apointments for yet another doctor to have all of the tests redone and pray for a diagnosis so that someone will treat her for this bacteria before it is untreatable. Has anyone else with undetectable gene mutations gone through a similar situation and have advise on how to get my daughter the help that she needs?
im wondering why, if all these doctors are such experts, and these CF centers are so great...why arent psychosocial issues addressed more often? in the CF clinic I go to, they'll occasionally hand me some shabby pamphlet &quot;CF and your Future&quot;, where for the first 100 of the 110 pages it talks about medical problems, complications, issues that may be present with cf patients as they get older...with one or two pages briefly mentioning the personal worries and issues we have: i.e. finding a mate, raising a family, having kids, having a positive outlook on future with the presence of a major chronic life-shortening illness, and numerous others *note:they are just mentioned, no suggestions about how to cope,except see a therapist)...last 8 or 9 pages being reserved for sources info. what good is that going to do for me? i mean,  crap, these are the issues that keep me up at night, not &quot;oh, gee, what shade of green is my mucus today?. If the placebo is such a strong influence on physical well-being, and the connection between positive mental attitude and physical well-being has been proven over and over again, than wouldnt it make sense that Dr.'s help patients in this respect also? instead of shying away from the tough questions and refering me to some therapist who knows nothing of the issues specific to CF? seems like a medical cop-out. everytime i go in to the cf clinic, im tempted to ask why theres such a big difference in the number of CF kids, vs the CF adults. (6 times as many kids)..im hesitant..

I'm 46 and haave been fortunate enough to have 2 children and now 1 grandaughter. When I was younger I used to ask the same questions, some gave me answers that  ended up not being correct. I've out-lived the time frame they gave me. I just got my first adult CF Dr. about 6 or 7 years ago. I asked him the same questions but he refused to give me the answers I was seeking. I think that with all the new meds. and treatments along with better transplant success, they really don't know the answers. If you ever read some of the adult stories of people in their 50&quot;s and even 60's it may encourage you. It's not easy, you have to live your life different than the average person. Sometimes you even get hurt because of it. My ex-husband left me about 10 years ago because of the financial costs and the fact he just couldn't handle having someone less than perfect. I feel it's his loss, I'm a good person who just happens to have a disease. I deal with it, I'm living aloneand sometimes probably shouldn't be. Sometimes I&quot;m so sick I can't even fix myself something to eat.  I've had 2 pics and 1 port and 5 hospitalizations in the past 14 months but I'm still here so I'm thankful for every day. My brother who was only 4 years older than me just passed away with cancer, he suffered alot. I'd rather have CF than to have what he had. I guess I've always felt that God gave me this because he knew I could handle it. You will too.  My daughters fiance died in a car accident at 18, I'm still here and believe me I would have traded places with someone so young. I know it's hard but try to look at the positive things in yur life, someone is always worse off than we are. Maybe you think it's easy for me to say theese things because I am older but I was young at one time and had the same fears, I just refused to let them get the best of me. I was determined to prove the Dr's wrong. I am still refusing to believe that I won't live another 10 or 20 years. I know being in hospitals and around sick children all your life you've seen the poor kids strapped in wheelchairs, they can't feed themselvels, go to the bathroom themselves, play or do anything. Look, you are smart and have had a chance to do things some never get to do. I hope you try to look at life different. Every day they make new strides in the care for people with CF, our future is so much more promising than it used to be. Take care of yourself, do your treatments ( believe me there are some days I feel like rebelling and stop taking meds. and treatments, I get so tired of everything but I can't do that to my family and neither can you), I wish you the best, try not to worry so much about what may or may not happen in the time expected and enjoy every day you do have. God bless you



Hi.&nbsp; I live in Houston, with my family that includes our two children who have CF.&nbsp; The air here is horrible and the care at Texas Children's has not be very agressive.&nbsp; My son has ABPA troubles very often.&nbsp; We are thinking about relocating to an area with a good CF treatment center.&nbsp; We have seen alot about Chapel Hill, NC on the web.&nbsp; Anyone have any experience with UNC or anywhere else that has a great CF treatment center?&nbsp; Any help would be&nbsp;very appreciated. 
Hello,
Wow!&nbsp; It's good to hear from someone who has experienced both sites in question.&nbsp; Would the climate/air quality in NC be better for the kids than Houston?&nbsp; Since the CF Center is so big at UNC, would it be hard to get aggressive/personal care?&nbsp; Maybe we'll check out the center at herman.&nbsp; We have been here for 6 years, with few good experiences.&nbsp; I joined up with the msn group, but I'm waiting on approval to enter.&nbsp; Thanks, alot.
You may look up all CF Centers through the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation- they are all rated throughout the country due to the results of the patients they treat.Feel free to email me, etc. with any questions. msfair@northwinds.net

Chat rooms are open to anyone, anytime.&nbsp; If you want to start a regular scheduled chat on your own, you can do it with just a few easy steps:
Reminder:  If you are using a pop-up blocker and wish to chat, you must first disable popup blocking or allow popups for this site, since the link launches a pop up window to access the chat rooms.


Jamiey,
Had appointment with pulmonary found my daughter is one of those few that has a low immunine system witch they say is good for Cf patience. they said that test reviel that ones with this problem seem to be more healthier than others because they white cells dont attack the bacteria or virus or nothin at aGRESSIVELY SO IT GIVES THE LUNGS A LITTLE BIT OF A BREAK .
Thats different, I've never heard of low immune being good for us. you'd think she would be suseptable to more infection. Thats really interesting. As for the fatty stools most of have that. Thats caused from malabsortion, not the other way around. &quot;I thaught anyway&quot; . Keep us posted.                                            Mark 40 w/CF

Kari,
The battle with insurance companies is a never ending one but I finally recruited the help of my family Physician and CF specialist. Sometimes they can send letters and support your need for certain things. I have argued for months sometimes and when I finally got the docs involved it took one phone call or letter and things went through. Don't be afraid to ask them for help.


HI!
Can anyone recommend, or share their experiences using a travel-sized compressor/nebulizer?  I've got a ProNeb for home use, but I really need something I can take with me in the car, to work, or on a trip. Thanks.
It's something you don't hear a lot about on here for some reason. Succesful transplants.
hi my name is megan i am 13 i had never had a transplant but havve always thought about
Hi,  My 16 year old son with Cystic Fibrosis is now waiting on a lung transplant!
Hey there, this is aushtins-hockey-mom, email me if you wish at james-morgan@live.ca  !
Dun dun dunnnn... Lol.&nbsp;&nbsp;Local anaesthetic and sedation... Sounds fun eh? :P
Happy birthday!  Don't worry, I had one put in two weeks ago.  It's not that painful, just a dull sore pain that lasts about two weeks.  You'll be glad you got one.
Hi. My name is Citty. I am 24 and I'm having womanly issues and would liek any feedback from someone that is having the same issues. Besides having cf, I am also diabetic and have about 15 other diagnosed diseases that are all genetic. Yeh for me.....
Citty,
Taking Flagyl for the first time(also cipro) for diverticutlits on top of longstanding Crohns.&nbsp; Anyway, I have read a few posts awhile back on how nasty it is.&nbsp; I have a horrid taste in my mouth all the way into my throat and beyond and food tastes strange and nasty.&nbsp; Even far away from taking the doses of meds.&nbsp; Is this the Flagyl?&nbsp; No appetite.&nbsp; Anyone have a similar experience and oh by the way has it taken a long time to work with the CD? How much of the stuff do most folks take?&nbsp; Thanks

When my granddaughter was diagnosed with CF at 17 months, my daughter was already preg with her second child.  Thank god that he turned out to be only a carrier.  I don't think she would have had a second child if her first was diagnosed before she became preg the second time.  She has decided not to have any more children because she doesn't want to bring anohter child into life that would have to deal with the treatments.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; I am a concerned father and also new to this site.&nbsp; Although, reading through this site has led me to realize that I am not alone.&nbsp; My son had an abnormal screening and 1 mutation found on the state genetic test(not any of the common mutations).&nbsp; We then had the sweat test done and found out his chloride level was 33.&nbsp; We are waiting on the results of the full genetic pannel.&nbsp; He is 6 months old.&nbsp; I guess what would really help me is to know how common it is to have this borderline sweat result and be a carrier, since we know that he is, at least, a carrier.&nbsp; Is there anyone out there who can tell me that they know of a swaet level of 33 being a sigh on nothing...lol..I Hope

The only website I can think of for help, is the CF Trust website- www.cftrust.org.uk. They have a large number of members on there, who may have the same mutations, and can provide more info with regards to symptoms.I've heard of some people not having the enzyme problems associated with CF, but not without the chest problems. However, some kids don't even get a chest infection until they're 15/16, no matter what the mutation. Meaning they don't have many chest problems, as there aren't any infections to cause lung damage. My little brother was one of these kids. I wasn't. Both of us have 2 copies of DF508, and there is a lot of difference between us healthwise.
tjg3303 - are you still around?  I am going through something very similar with my son and would like to know how things are with your son.

Gannon's mom,
Hi!
Hi. 24 wCF

Hi Foxy,   it's going great I'm so glad I had it done. It's made a big difference in my life. I would be glad  help in any way I can  My E-Mail is robertsonms@msn.com
My wife was diagnosed with IPF about five years ago and finally had a single lung transplant on the 22 of November.&nbsp; It came down to within a few days of her not making it but the many prayers finally came through.&nbsp; We found that the ones who went to the support group meetings were either retired or looking for answers.&nbsp; The best support we found were the people waiting to see the doctor.&nbsp; Those were the ones who had been planted and had re-entered the main stream of society.&nbsp; Many had been planted for&nbsp;a lot&nbsp;years and had gone back to work, therefore they had no time to attend the meetings.&nbsp; My wife went from 10 ltrs. of oxygen at rest and 15-25 when moving across the room to no oxygen at all....&nbsp; There really are ups and downs but the ups far out weigh the downs.&nbsp; I am looking for more recent transplants to compare problems and joys with.
I came up + for delta f508 AND R347H. My parents both just got their results back and my mom is + for 508 and my dad is + for R347H. Does that mean I have CF? Do the mutations have to MATCH to have CF? I'm a 35 y.o. female and have never experienced any CF symptoms.
I have the same two mutations and was also diagnosed at age 35.&nbsp; I have had lung issues most of my life, but they just would tell me that I had another round of bronchitis and give me lots of antibiotics to knock it out.&nbsp; Would love to compare notes with you!!
Which yes, if you have cf or have a child with cf, may be alot.

Sorry, it took so long to reply. System issues. Normally when I go to the hospital I go to the same hospital that I was born in. I know just about everyone on the 2nd, 8th, and 10th floors and they all know me on sight. In fact they bring all the newbie nurses in to get trained by me, since I'm not the kind to lay there and be the meek, 'okay, whatever you think is best.&quot; Okay, yeah, and because i have so many allergies, it's unbelievable, but I totally draw the line at the time they brought in their pizza to eat in my room when I was in pre op mode......Still need to get them back for that. But anyways,  like you said, we get to know our bodies VERY well and when something is wrong, we do and say something about it.So. yeah. Take care of yourself.
hello everyonethank you all 
If you go to the cf website. www.cff.org, they have e-mail address of where you can talk to doctors and nurses and all sorts of people If you ever need to talk though, feel free to e-mail me at cittycrochet@hotmail.com
That's because I goofed and left a letter out heehee, sorry.
Hi! 
Hi there Melissa, welcome too Healingwell!!
I'm sorry to hear about-Melissa
I'm 28&nbsp;with CF and twin 3 month old boys. My FEV 1 when I got pregnant was around 73%, I have no GI issues&nbsp;and I had done two IV tune ups prior to trying just to make sure I was in top shape. There are medications that you can't take while pregnant so it's best to make sure you are at your healthiest going in. My husband was tested prior to make sure he was not a carrier. I had no complications while pregnant despite the shock of having twins. My CF team and my OB were in constant contact with each other. Towards 7 months I did feel the pressure on my lungs ( I attribute that two having 2 of them in there)&nbsp;and I did give birth 8 weeks early. The pregnancy was not the hard part in my opinion. It's after you bring the baby(s) home. The demands of an infant cut into sleep which plays a big part in staying healthy. And I have to remind myself to do my Chest PT, it very easily can be forgotten with a crying baby. And if you are planning on nursing (which I am) again you can not be on certain medications so it is so important that you keep up preventive therapy. If you have any particular questions I'd be happy to share my experiences.

  


thanks for the advice:)
Mary Rose,Do you have the CF gene?  If you don't then there isn't to much to worry about for the two of you but your grandchildren would have to be concerned if they/thier mate has the gene.  I also agree with Claire - communication is the key:))

testing 123 testing. Everytime I post I get an error.....


Hi TMoss,

hello all... i know i am not going to be a mother any time soon... but i am 18 yrs old with c.f. and i am very glad my mom and dad didnt know about c.f. bc i dont think they would of had me or my brother...and i love life, i am so glad im here.... my treatments and everything else i have to do... is just another part of my daily routin!
To Deb:  Oppie and Kevin's mom.  Kathy, mom to identical twin boys with CF (9yrs).
tmoss,
Dear TMoss
Hi there, my husband has CF and is 29.  We just saw a counselor today because we are having problems in our marraige. (He has become emotionally unavailable to me and everyone). The counselor believes he is depressed (as do I).  My husband,however doesn't believe he is.  I'm having such a hard time with this because we have always had such a good relationship (together over 10 years). HOwever, this passed 1.5 years, he has really pulled away and shut down.  Has anyone else had these problems and how did you overcome them?  He says that this is nothing I did or didn't do, it's totally him...but he doesn't know what has changed inside him, so he doesnt know how to fix it.  His health has been steady, and he's not yet needed to be on a lung translplant list.....I'm at a loss...My little boy needs his daddy, and I need my husband while he's still here...And he's checked out emotionally too early for this ride.... 
JP21,But as one wife to another just telling him that he is depressed usually doesn't to the trick.  Leave him alone and let him sort it out for himself.  Be there for him when he needs you but realize you can't &quot;make him happy&quot;.  He has to be a party to becoming happy.  You can still love him while living life but you can't control how he feels.  If you want to talk further please feel free to e-mail me at fox at bright ok dot net.
I think depression is extrememly common among people with chronic illness in general, and probably increases in adults with CF. Seeking counseling is an important step in managing depression. Often when combined with medication the two can really help a person get back to feeling like they can cope effectively with the work of living. But number one- take care of yourself. Seek counseling yourself regardless of if your husband will or not and monitor your own state of mental health. The whole family is affected when one memeber's mental and or physical health decline and you can't give your best to him or to your child unless you take good care of yourself first.
Hi,
My AIM name is OopsBritneyy.&nbsp; I would love to chat with anyone on this message board about CF.&nbsp; I have many questions b/c i recently became close to someone who has CF.&nbsp; Thanks for your time.&nbsp; 
  &nbsp;Hi. I am new to this forum. I am a mom of 2 teens w/cf. Has anyone tried curcumin, the spice that is supposed to correct the cf defect in lab mice? I would like to hear about it. Thank you.

&nbsp;Here is some info for you. If you do a search for "curcumin cystic fibrosis" you will get alot more info on it. I bought mine for my son at drugstore.com
I'm Emily Costilo and I am doing a science fair project on cystic fibrosis. I wanted to know who does CF effect more girls or boys? If you can help, please post a reply or email me at . Thank you very much.

Solicitations for research require prior permission. See guidelines at 
&nbsp;We are interested in different treatments from different Countries around the globe. Our first child is Daniel and he is six and our daughter Tahyla is two. They both have DF508 genes and they are pancreatic sufficient and are doing very well, they are doing a bit too well and our specialist is talking about putting them both on a diet. Anyway please feel free to e-mail us on 
is it possible that the doctor can recommend less enxymes so they can still have the benefits but yet loose a bit of weight?
Hi everyone, I wanted to give my experience with enzymes and intestinal blockages and see if anyone else has had similar or other issues in this area. If anyone has anything let me know. Thanks
Hey LifetoLove,Kyle
Lifetolove,
Hello, I am completely new to this forum. I was just wondering, does anyone else here have this problem?
Thanks for the response!It really hasn't been that bad. Two surgeries, yes. But one was in June 1998 and the other was March 2009... so all in all, an eleven year gap isn't too bad.
Yeah, I use nasal rinses too. And Nasonex. It works!
hi, i had nasal polyps until i was 13 i had them removed and so far they havent returned yet and im 20 now, although i had a bad experience when i had mine out, i was told not to sneeze but hey when you need to your gonna, well i did bout 6 hours after surgary and i lost a heck of alot of blood, i wouldn't go through that again. one thing i will say though is when i had mine i could swim without getting water up my nose, now theres no chance and it hurts more i cant stand getting water up there. x x

HI!!!!! Welcome to the wonderful world of WHAT YOU GOT? And how can we help you?Citty purr ing is my AOLIM. Feel free to im anytime :D
Hey everyone,
 
Hello all, I would love to chat with other partents of adult Cf'ers. I would love to chat about treatments that the adults are using. My daughter is 19 and has been very healty up to now. Her PFTs went from 95% to 57%. Is this normal for this age?

Hello and welcome to HealingWell.  I am Kitt and I just stopped in to welcome you.
Lil' flipper....hope things are going okay. One other thing I thought about
Hello,
I suggest you go to Google, type in the the two genes you mentioned as I just did and find out as much as you can. You may run into a lot of words you don't hear in the office every day, don't be put off, keep reading. You get used to the language after a while, I consider this the most important part of having or dealing with CF. Below find one of the sites I found for the combo you mentioned. I found a nice paper written by 5 doctors in Massachusetts who have experience with my combo and know more than my own CF doctors at this point abouthttp://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8535440

hello there... names olivia i am 18 with cf.... and once my best friend graduates from high school in june her and i r going to england for aboutolivia 18 w.c.f.
Hello!                                                                                                                                                                  I am curious. I have a friend that has Cf and I was wondering what cystic fibrosis is really like. I would appreciate any feedback. Thanks!
This is the college essay my Step-Daughter wrote on her first english&nbsp; essay at NorhtWest Vista College in SanAntonio, Texas.Written by Cara Steading in memory of her Step-Brother Rodney Borden 


Hi I'm sam and I'm 13sam


My periods arnt normal and i am 21 wiht CF. My stomache makes me look like im pregnant after i eat too. It sucks. The period thing i dont know what is wrong with me, i never really bleed, its real rare. but it can be due to weight, so if u dont weight the normal weight you mgiht not get your period. ANd if u are takin steroids, u might not have enough estrogen and have to much testortrome. I just recently had that checked and i was lackin estrogen. I think the steroids have had a big impact on my image. They have made me grow  alot of hair where i dont usually get hair and my periods are not normal anymore. I think steroids have a big lasting effect. You should see a gynocologist and ask about ur estrogen since u were on alot of steroids and havnt had ur period.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hi my name is Hayden Ellett i am 16 yrs old and i have cf. i am new to this chat website
yeah i did i couldn't smell an thing an i spent my life sneezing i got mine removed an i haven't had a problem with they since.

I've been upto the hospital today......It's not been so good, and may explain my constant tiredness and tears and general bleurgh feeling.
(((Gem)))
Oh and Amy too :) Thanks hun, hope you're good too. 
Prayers and hugz to you, will be hopeing you are better soon...maybe it was too soon for all that bloodwork...

Thanks guys *hugs*.


I start DNase (Pulmozyme) on the 10th May. Nervous as hell as I'm not the best when it comes to nebulisers. 
Oh oh, new toy!!!! 
 Thank you for the well wishes, and Kitt-the fairy dust has reached over here and it is beautiful. I'm going to try to imagine that it is the fairy dust that gave us a beautiful sunset tonight, rather than the nasty Volcanic ash. Maybe if it's fairy dust we are breathing in, it might mend my lungs a bit. :)
Ok, so thankfully stabby machine is only for a week. Good job as even though it's one of the pen type contraptions with a quick retracting needle trigger and the needle is fully hidden, I've somehow still managed to scratch across my finger and create a lot more blood than necessary on my first go. 
 *hugs back* thank you!!

Eek,

I decided yesterday, I want to be someone else for a bit. I want to be able to paint my face everyday and be&nbsp;someone completely different.
Hiya,
My daughter is 11 years old and was diagnosed with CF at 8 years old.&nbsp; They had a hard time diagnosing her before the CF dianosis, but now they still have trouble.&nbsp; She has started having tightness in her chest and saying she cant breathe.&nbsp; We did xrays and cat scans and they came back good.&nbsp; Still does not answer the question of why she feels like there are bricks sitting on her chest and like she is breathing in glue.&nbsp; She has had 10 days of oral prednisone, 14 of augmentin and now another 14 of clindamycin.&nbsp; She stated throwing up yesterday and it was mostly mucus.&nbsp; Oh and she used to have mucus coming up all the time, the last 3 weeks, when this started, she has had none!!!&nbsp; Help Please!!!
Hi there Donna, welcome to the forums!!Gemma 
Im currently 15 years old and i had the same situation, but then i got put on the vest and it helps break up the mucus so it dosent feel like that to me anymore and im still constaly spiting up muscus but it clears&nbsp;my chest and air ways!&nbsp;

The Panic attacks could be because sometimes the nebs tend to make you short of breathe and your heart races. So this could make you panic or feel like you've lost control of your body. I know when i get very short of breathe I feel like i can't catch it so i Panic. I have to take deep breathes and calm myself down. You may want to speak to your dr. to make sure you dont have the full disorder, and perhaps he can precribe you some medicine, which you should do soon because if you do have it you may get worse. Hope this helps.
what alternative therapies have you all tried?
How is everyone?
hi, i'm new to this, i have CF and im looking for some friends with the condition as we cant meet face to face, i'v let my health slip a little whilst compleating my college course and i'v finally done it, but now i'm back on i.v's which sucks, i do them myself at home after starting them at the hosp but the early mornings, 'i dont do mornings' lol.xxx
Hello, Healingwell members,I'm new here, and I have recently found out my 1 month old cousin was diagnosed with Cystic Fibrosis. Now, I'm new to this disease, I've never herd of it before, so this disease is not my strong &quot;health&quot; topic. I've done quite the amount of research on Cystic Fibrosis. On the Canadian Cystic Fibrosis foundation's website, it states that there is no cure for Cystic Fibrosis, but although a double lung transplant would be the &quot;best&quot; cure, for the transplanted lungs does not create CF mucus. The topic  that confuses me is many other articles state that Cystic Fibrosis paitents who've had a lung Transplant may still die due to complications related to Cystic Fibrosis. How can an individual die from Cystic Fibrosis if they've had a lung transplant? Isn't the mucus why the lungs become damaged, and if you have Cystic Fibrosis with transplanted lungs, those lungs wouldn't create the Cystic Fibrosis mucus? It does not make any sense to me what so ever. Can someone please explain?
She's a really healthy little girl, nothing to worry aboutSo basically, your own Cystic Fibrosis cells will become apart of the transplanted lungs and those lungs will start making Cystic Fibrosis mucus. Does this happen with other genetic disease which required a transplanted organ? I never knew that, I knew people eventually rejected their transplanted organs because a Kidney only last 5-10 years. That's crazy!
My sister was diagnosed with Cystic Fibrosis at 7 months. Let me start out by saying that in order for the child to get CF both parents have to carry the gene, and if BOTH parents carry the gene, there is a 1/4 chance of the kid getting it. Also, the lungs are not the only thing affected in CF, it can be the pancreas, the stomach too. But the lungs have a larger amount of mucus on them due to not producing any cilia. Cilia gets rid of mucus. Therefore, when a person has a double lung transplant the new lungs produce cilia, and it can get rid of the mucus on the lungs. She had a double lung transplant on October 16th, and passed away on April 17th. She passed away because her lungs rejected and didn't work.
just so you all know, i found a good cf chat room on msn.&nbsp; go there and search through the groups--there is one called cf2chat.&nbsp; there are about 1,000 people, so it is a little more interactive.
Hello all, I'm James. I'm an Ozzie living in Calafornia, 20 years old and I have Cystic Fibrosis. I'm new to the fourms so I'm unfrimilar on how activly you cysters and fibros use it!!  you and your family/self CF struggle. Keep on breathing!

what is the ng tube?? Is it a tube that gets passed through your nose into your stomach??
Some of you may have noticed we are only a few thousand posts away from one million posts!
hi, my name is kate. I'm new to this site but not to cf. i was diagnosed when i was a few months old. Growing up with cf has certainly been a struggle but it has taught me so much about life that others simply wont understand. i am currently 16 and was curious to see if there is anyone else who is my age because ive never even met another person with cf, ever. (part of the joy in living in a small town...and state haha)
hi everyone, ive been recently considering doing make a wish, so i thought i would ask to see if any one made a wish, and what it was. thanks :)
Hello, I'm Jeannie, Moderator on the Fibromyalgia Forum. I don't know if you've read the &quot;2005 Fundraising Drive: Help Support HealingWell&quot; post above but I would like to ask you to help out if you can. I'm not talking to the college students or the financially strapped people here. I'm speaking to the ones of us who can afford to eat out more than once a week and who have paid $60 a month cell phone bills without batting an eye. I own and administer to several domains and websites on the net. I know what bandwidth costs and I understand how much IT (internet technician) services can cost. What many people don't understand is that nothing on the internet is free. Someone must pay for it somewhere, either through advertising, fund raising or out of pocket. There is an initial cost for domain registration, domain hosting (the server who actually contains your website in their large computer), bandwidth cost, (the higher the traffic, the more the bandwidth cost), and ongoing administration of the domain and websites. The advertising will only help pay for the site as long as people click on the information and follow the links. If an advertiser sees that his site is not getting any attention from a certain site they will pull it and advertise elsewhere. Basically there is a shortfall in what is coming into HealingWell vs. how much it costs to keep it running. That is why it's necessary for Peter to ask for donations. He's trying to raise $2000 this year. If you feel that you can help out, please do. The post above explains how to do that. If you can't afford to give anything, that's ok, too. You can still click on an ad every now and then and follow the links. They only want you to read their info and give them a chance. That's why they advertise here. Thanks for your time.
We've recently updated the My Profile &gt; Edit Profile section.&nbsp; Please visit and update your signature as needed.&nbsp; We've had a few users with badly formatted code in their signature and so we encourage you to update it as you get time.
I try to edit my signature., but it will onlyt allow me to put one letter and that's it. cant' add anymore word or words. plus some of the words before were deleted. How could I go back and add more info to my signature line. oTransrectal ultrasound at UCSF Jun 2008: 7x14x10 mm hypoechoi

hi i have cystic fibrosis and am 20years of age, it may not ease you but may give yo a better insight, if your daughter just has the gene and not the disease i wouldnt worry too much as this may only affect her when she is older and is thinking of having a family of her own, as she will have to be more aware of it, due to the fact that she may give birth to a child with CF. if she has the disease as you said there isn't any major symptoms so if she does have it, it may only be mild and she may not be as ill as some CF patients can be, there are different strains of it but if you speak to your childs consultant im sure they would explain. i hope this is useful to you. xx
I'm 24 i have cf was diagnosed at 3 weeks with failure to thrive, i never really had an interest in reading about the hospital an how i am. The important thing to remember is as long as you do what the doctor says or what you think is best for her, she will have a wonderful life an do anything anyone else can. But don't be scared there nothing to be scared of we all need food an exercise your daughter just needs tablets an physio an exercise as well. An it is ok to cry sometimes.
My son is 45. He goes into hospital 1-2 times a year for &quot;clean out.&quot; CF is a nasty disease, but progress IS being made. Don't give up hope. We felt the same way when our perfect baby was diagnosed with a condition I had never hear of. Hang in there and love her extra.

yeah i got a new one two there great aint they. I'm in the uk an new to this as well. where about are you?
its the northern general in sheffield.xx
There's a guy I really like and we're becoming really close. I'm not very  my illness sooner or later? I'm not sure how he'll react, but right now he's one of my only close friends that is unaware of my CF.
My sister had Cystic Fibrosis, she passed away in April, she had the same problem, wasn't  her disease, but it's better to tell the person.
hello i hope u all dont mind me including myself in this......open its the best way..xxx
Recently we have turned back on the ability to subscribe/unsubscribe from threads when logged into the forum.  You will notice a new link that says &quot;Subscribe to this thread&quot; or &quot;Unsubscribe from this thread&quot; at the top right corner of each thread post.  Remember, this is an email subscript
I dont know where to begin .My son married 11 years ago to a beatiful young woman ,who has c.f. Recently she has decided to leave because she doesnt want him to watch her die , as she&nbsp;believes this is going to happen soon .She has totally blocked everyone out of her life including her own parents.My son is beside himself .He does not know how to help.What can we do or better yet what should we do.?
(((((GEM)))))))Make sure your suffering has meaning…
Hello CF members!
Thanks for letting us know Eagle. Will keep her and her family in prayer. Please keep us updated. Please send her and her family all my best wishes and prayers.&nbsp; Thanks
Hello Ray and Gemsi!        SE:)

Just wanted to post one last update here for the CF members on Vanessa's recovery. 
&nbsp;

My grandson was diagnosed with CF at 3 weeks old, he is now 18 years old and graduated from High School last year, he has lived with myself and his grand father most of his life. Now that he is older we are having a terrible time getting him to do his tresatments, meds ect;. John Hopkins wanted to place him on the lung transplant list and he , I am so worried and frustated I could just scream!!!!!!!!
HI MY NAMES MELISSA I'M 25 AND JUST HAD A DOUBLE LUNG TRANSPLANT JAN 23 2010 DUE TO CYSTIC FIBROSIS....I UNDERSTAND WHY HE MAY SAY HE DON'T WANT THIS HE MAY BE SCARED AND NOT WANNA SHOW YOU THAT HE IS SCARED OR MAY BE SCARED THAT HE DO ALL THIS AND HAVE PROBLEMS AND STILL BE SICK OR DIE...BECAUSE IT IS SOOO SCAREY WHEN YOUR THE PERSON FACING THIS YOU CANT EXPLAIN TO PEOPLE HOW YOU FEEL BECAUSE THERE ALL LIKE YES DO IT DO IT!!!!!!!!! ITS GONNA SAVE UR LIFE BUT REMEMBER ITS HARDER THEN IT SEEMS ....IT IS VERY SCAREY ...JUST SIT HIM DOWN WITH ALL HIS FAMILY AND LOVE ONES AROUND BECAUSE HE IS GONNA NEED ALOT OF LOVE AND EXPLAIN TO HIM PLEASE DO THIS I UNDERSTAND YOU MAY BE SCARED BUT THERE ARE SO MANY PEOPLE THAT ARE DOING GREAT AFTER TRANSPLANT AND LIVE ALOT LONGER ....AND EVERY BODYS STORIES ARE DIFFRENT JUST BECAUSE SOMEONE ELSE HAD TROUBLE WITH TRANSPLANT DONT MEAN YOUR GOING TO ...EVERYONES BODYS HEAL DIFFRENT ....AND WHEN ITS OVER YOU'LL BE FEELING ALOT BETTER NO MORE SHORTNESS OF BREATH, COUGHING BLOOD NOT ALL THOSE HOSPITAL STAYS .....ITS GREAT TO BE ABLE TO FEEL GOOD.....ALSO EXPLAIN TO HIM THROUGH MOST OF IT HE WILL BE ASLEEP NOT EVEN KNOWING WHATS GOING ON .....AND WHEN HE IS AWAKE IT IS A BATTLE I'M NOT GONNA LIE BUT IF YOUR A FIGHTER YOU'LL MAKE IT ....I MEAN EXPLAIN TO HIM THAT YOUR THERE FOR HIM EVERY STEP OF THE WAY AND YOU DONT WANNA LOSE HIM BECAUSE THATS WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF REFUSED TRANSPLANT .....I LOST MY COUSIN SHE WAS 24 BECAUSE SHE COULD NOT MAKE IT TO TRANSPLANT HER LUNGS JUST DID NOT HOLD UP .......THATS WHAT REALLLY MADE ME open MY EYES AND SAY YOU BETTER DO THIS INLESS YOU WANNA DIE .......MAYBE YOU COULD TALK TO SOME DOCTORS EXPLAIN TO THEM TELL HIM HOW MUCH THIS MEANS SOMETIMES HEARING IT FROM A DOCTOR IT HITS YOU MORE .....AND THEY COULD EXPLAIN SURGERY TO HIM .....I HAD MY TRANSPLANT AT PITTSBURGH PA. DR.BOMA AND HE AND HIS TEAM WERE GREAT ......I WOULD BE ALWAYS WILLING TO TALK WITH HIM THROUGH ANYTHING ...I CAN EXPLAIN THE WHOLE SURGERY OF WHAT I WASN'T SLEEP FOR ....I CAN HELP HIM IF HE IS SCARED CUZ I KNOW HOW THAT FEELS .....EMAIL ME DOLLOP51@YAHOO.COM .......AND AS FOR NOW TELL HIM IF HE DONT DO HIS MEDS ITS GONNA LEAD TO TRANSPLANT OR DEATH SOONER ....BELIEVE ME I KNOW I WAS ONE OF THOSE KIDS AWWW I DONT NEED ALL THOSE MEDS AND LOOK WERE IT TOOK ME TRANSPLANT AGE 24 ...........SO STRESS TO HIM ITS SO IMPORTANT HAVE HIS DOCTOR  YELL AT HIM ANYTHING TO GET HIM TO DO THEM OR YOUR GONNA END UP TRANSPLANT MUCH SOONER .........................
I've made some really good progress with M.E. / CFIDs through nutritional therapy , it has especially helped to have a Nutritionalist whohas a lot of experience this area. 
My friend has CF and he is fifteen. He doesn't see the point in his life and I don't know how i can help. He doesn't have many friends and isnt very outgoing. What can i do to help?
Hey I'm new to the site, and somewhat new to CF. My boyfriend who has been diagnosed with this disease since he was only a couple months old, he is the strongest person I have ever meet. Not only is he strong will but also highly intelligent, and very passionate about life. Sometimes it can be hard living with someone with this disease, like if my daughter or I got sick. It's like we become leopards, just kind of a weird feeling to get use to. I know a lot of times it kind of scares him to kiss me because he is afraid of getting sick, which I can't blame him, being that a common cold could kill him. He's my heart and soul, sometimes it just scares me too, I really hate thinking of losing him. I guess i'm just glad I found this website, it's nice to be able to vent to some people who can relate to some of the things that i'm going through.
hi so i guess i should start with saying i have cf. im 25 and had it prity much since birth. i was also born with a hole in my heart and have a liver complaint, thankfully that seems to keep its self in check (for now). i live on my own and have no family that can support me emotionaly or otherwise (i was in foster care from the age of aboutions or even take what i have in the cubard. to say im bad at handeling my medication is a uderstatment and i dont want to feel like this anymore... anyone with the same problems with advice?
Hiya,
Hey, 
sorry forgot to ask whats the rare muscle condition you were diagnosed with if you dont mind me asking?xxx
Are you an adult under the age of 24 with cystic fibrosis (CF)?~~~~~~~Posted with permission from Peter Waite - HealingWell.com LLC~~~~~~
Hello all, I am a newbie on here and am at a loss of encouraging words for my daughter. She is 9 weeks pregnant and just received a phone call from her OB GYN telling her that she had the Delta F508 mutation gene. She does not have CF to my knowledge she is 23 yrs old and never really been sick. I guess she got the gene from me but I have had 3 children and no one has ever informed of any issues. 
I would say it's not really necessary no. If you're prepared for the fact that the baby might have CF, then there's no extra real precautions to take or anything, if your daughter is going to go ahead with the pregnancy regardless. I am sure the chance of harming the baby and also I believe there is a small chance of making mother infertile through testing in the womb, would be of bigger concern than maybe having a child with CF. openia, Erythema Nodosum. Waiting for final diagnosis on Muscular Dystrophy type thing.
Has anyone found or heard of any inpatient treatment centers for medical compliance, depression, etc.&nbsp; We need help for our daughter who refuses to do all she needs to do to stay healthy as possible and so depressed - 19 yrs old.
So I'm not exactly an expert on such things myself- I'm 18, going to college next week (*finally!*) but I know my parents are worried aboutNon compliance isn't always &quot;I somehow think I'm going to un-give myself CF by not taking my meds&quot;. Or something that sounds equally rock-dumb when you actually say it out loud. I don't really think any of us- even and especially teenagers are that dumb. No. Sometimes we just run out of strength. And that's when we stop. If you show us you care and that someone else is there besides us, it can go a long way.
It has been a long time coming, especially since blogging has been around for over 10 years now.  But I'm pleased to announce today I've launched the new HealingWell.com Blog.  To get there, just click on the &quot;BLOG&quot; tab at the top menu, or visit directly at 
im considering bring my daughter to canada for 3 months this summer.but when i was in america last i couldnt work her nebulizer as they run on different power. what should i do? has any1 had the same problem when travelling? the other thing is, in canada if she gets sick IS THE HEALTH CARE REALY FREE?????????

Follow our blog about
My 35 year-old sister is married w/ 3 kids. She is a CF survivor that had "Swine Flu" Nov. 2010.&nbsp;&nbsp; She has been on round-the-clock oxygen since this time, and will be for life. A few months after hospitalization for "Swine Flu", she began having petit-mal seizures. They have increased from 1 or 2 per month- to&nbsp;7 in one afternoon.&nbsp;She was rushed to hospital where she was told that she'd have to be hospitalized for 5 days WITH ADULT FAMILY MEMBER 24/7. This is impossible as her husband works, kids too young, &amp; resides in different county than rest of extended family. Anyone know anything about Adult CF patient w/ onset of seizures please reply or direct me to resource(s) that might "clear the air".&nbsp;
Hi everyone...I am not sure where to go or what to do I need advice form people with experiance so I came here.
Hey everyone,
Hi everyone. I am new to this site as I have been looking into CF. My son has been sick since the age of 3 months old. He has had chest infections after chest infections, sinus infections galore, ear infections, ear tubes placed 2x, adnoids removed. He has been on pumicort, xopenex, oral pred, antibiotics, hospitalized 2x. We have been told that all this issues can be caused by allergies, but is is only allegeric to grass. He has been on singular for over a year and its not helping. His&nbsp;dr thinks it could be asthma, but the daily treatments he has been doing for over a year are not helping as every month he is still sick. He will be put on meds for a week to 14 days, then as soon as he is off them he gets sick again with wheezing, coughing, sinus related issues. 
Some gene&nbsp;mutations that create CF aren't tested for in normal screenings (during pregnancy etc). Some mutations lead to children passing sweat tests (including in newborn screening). Finally, some mutations leave individuals pancreatic sufficent, with normal digestive situations.  this with my son, who we arrived at a diagnosis with despite him being in those camps and being generally pretty darn -- knock on wood -- healthy at this point. Thought I would share because it sounds terrible dealing with all that you're going through plus the frustration of the medical mystery.
E-mail me at sammyseahorse@ameritech.net woops I gues I should tell you who I am firstsam
Hello,I'm one of two teens trying to help people with cystic fibrosis. We're both taking part in a competition, and if we win, we'll be hosting a large gala with performances, silent auctions, dinner, and all the fun stuff. We only ask for your help by supporting us
Hello,
Hi there Nateray.Gem
Last week HealingWell.com hit a major milestone, surpassing 100,000 registered community members.  I've thought about
Anyone else have Allergies to dressings, tapes etc? I find I have really sensetive skin and it gets more sensetive as the days go on.
Hi I'm August (or April), 18 years old with CF (and a host of related stuff) and I'm brand new to this forum, but wanted to hopefully help you with this as it's an issue I have too. (Let me just state first off that I've never been to a dermatologist before, so...)But, in either case, Hi, and nice to meet you!
I'm screwed up, just sooooo very sad recently. I can't motivate myself and everytime I almost get there something happens with my health and I just can't handle it. 
Oh, Gem. I've been thinking about
Hello I'm 18 years old. I have been with my boyfriend for 3 year and I have cystic fibrosis. I just want to hear from people that have cf and have had children. Although I'm not trying for a child yet, I think it may be awhile for that. But I'm well and positive, and I don't want children so badly when I'm older :) I just want to hear everyone storys ? Much appreciated x
Hi Smiley.  My husband and I wanted a family, neither of us wanted to take a chance with bio kids (I have CF, dyslexia, he is ADD, genetically high probablility of carrying CF gene) especially my husband did not want a pregnancy shortening my life.  We have two amazing children, both adopted.CF DDf508 w/ CFRD (dignosed 3 months)  43 years old, 2 kiddos

I think the definitive test is the one where they swab the inside of the mouth and do the gene test. If he does have CF it will be good to know so you can start appropriate treatment and hopefully improve the quality of his life and perhaps prolong it. If not- there are numerous other diseases out there that could be causeing him to be sick all the time including allergies to everything from pet dander to gluten. Best of luck to you and good luck in finding a treatable diagnosis.
Having just spent another 2 delightful (it really would be if we could cut out the doctors and drugs) weeks in hospital, thought I'd make a list of things that get me through smiling (almost anyway). 
Hey there, Gem!&nbsp; What a great post!&nbsp; How are you feeling?&nbsp; I hope you're doing better after the hospital stay.
Well, you know, while I'm sure the hospital stay is necessary, it must wear you down a bit, not just physically but mentally.&nbsp; But I admire your positive attitude!&nbsp; How about  
The weather effects me a little, cold weather more so. The only problem with heat is usually the hayfever lol. I make sure I drink plenty of isotonic drinks and have salt tablets when it's really hot, so it's rare I feel heat exhaustion. Sun really cheers me up too, it usually means I can go out and do fun stuff. :)openia, Erythema Nodosum. Waiting for final diagnosis on Muscular Dystrophy type thing.
HiWhat are chances he as CF. Also what is the prognosis for is long term health. In every other way he seems very healthy and fit with plenty of energy. He eats well and healthy. a

First I want to say hello and thank you for even reading. It takes time and energy to even reply to anyone. I know you don't owe me any favors. I am just letting this get to me and its a Saturday and I will not have any answers until atleast Tuesday. Now I just read this and its 2011. Almost four years has past and no doctor ever mentioned it. Infact they didn't even add it to the impression at the end. I have no breathing problems. I am breathing fine right now. I do have constipation issues but i breathe well. I get a cough here and there but like anyone else. I have suffered with bronchio-asthma since i was a kid but i would only get it when i had a cold. Its been a year and half since i got asthma. I did live in a basement for a while and it was old but even then i didn't really have breathing problems, just more sneezing. I did get an MRI of my cervical spine recently and it did not show anything but i read a MRI is not helpful when viewing the lungs. Fibrosis does not run in my family. Anyway, I will look into why that was placed and not even pursued but i want to know from anyone if this is a normal finding and if i am just overacting? I do suffer from anxiety and I am not a fighter. I don't even know if i can beat any illness. I deal with Chiari Malformation as it is. I wish you good health and happiness. Please help me.
Hi, I am 27y/o with CF I am currently travelling around Southeast Asia on an extended trip that was only supposed to last 10weeks. Thanks again
I have a 17 month old son with CF.  Clint was diagnosed with CF just a couple of weeks after birth.  He was born with a bowel obstruction and had 20 cm of his intestines removed.  He has been placed on Pulmicord since our arrival in California.  I currently live in Southern CA just out of LA.  I have concerns with the pollution in this area of the country.  I grew up in Montana and have moved to California for a job.  I would like anyones input on your feelings about pollution and its short or long term effects on Clint's lungs.  I have gotten mixed feedback from the doctors.
Hi, 
I don't know the medical opinion of the effect your &quot;surroundings&quot; has on the lungs but I do know when we moved from Salem, OR to Dallas, TX--my daughter's &quot;flare-ups&quot; increased and she didn't have the stamina she had before.  Like you, I had mixed reactions from medical pros but I know the difference I felt in that humid climate and I have healthy lungs..  So if financial reasons prevent you from relocating, please try air purifiers and watch for air quality reports before extended time outdoors.  Good luck!
Both my husband and myself had the Sweet test done.&nbsp; Our family doctor said neither of us are the carrier.&nbsp; Our son is a carrier.&nbsp; His daughter has also been tested and is a carrier.&nbsp; Can two parents who tested negative on the sweet test produce a child that is a CF carrier.&nbsp; Or can we assume that the sweat tests may have been incorrect and we should get the blood test done.&nbsp; I am caucasion and my husband is of African decendent.&nbsp; Our family doctor thinks that I am probably the carrier.&nbsp; 
Thank you.&nbsp; When they were doing the sweat thest, they said this should actully show if either my husband or myself was the carrier.&nbsp; Interesting.&nbsp; I will have to contact the CF clinic and and request that they do the blood test as this is what they did for my son and daughter in law.&nbsp; 
My God Son is 4 months old and was diagnosed with CF at about 2 months old. He has been doing ok until lately. He was readmitted to Childrens Hospital in Oakland, CA because the antibiotics they had him on were not helping to clear up his sinus infection. His mother, my neice is 18 and handling this as best she can. She won't tell anyone how she really feels.(understandable) Can anyone tell me where I can find support for my neice, and the best medical help for my God Son? I am scared to death, and fell so F***** helpless. I want to do something, but don't know what I can do. 

Any place is a good place to reach out for help, I'm sure that many will respond, family members and CFers. You mention Facebook I do believe there are CF groups on there to.
My doctor has just contacted me to have further tests done on our baby . There is no known history of cystic fibrosis in our family and I thought this was genetic. Can someone help with this question?Thank you
Here is a suggestion for posting in the forums.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There are 2 big reasons for this.&nbsp; 

Hi Savannah,  digestive stuff.  I don't know if you've already pursued this line, but it might also be worth having an ultrasound to check that your reproductive system isn't contributing to the bloating with endometriosis or cysts.
I have two boys (ages 3 and 18 months) that have both been diagnosed with atypical CF. They have both cultured positive for pseudomonus (sp?) and are sick often. My oldest seems to have the worst of it, and is sick frequently. Right now they both have pneumonia again. My youngest has been on the same care routine as my oldest for several months now. However, since they are both sick, their doctor has upped their routine to two different neb treatments for a total of 6 treatments a day, and their vest 4 times a day. My oldest is a champ and handles all the treatments really well. The youngest on the other hand turns into the incredible Hulk every time we have to sit down and do this. I have tried absolutely everything I can think of to keep him calm while we do his treatments. He thrashes, claws, screams... the whole nine yards. It's literally like alligator wrestling. I figured by now he would have gotten used to it, but that clearly is not the case. We've tried turning on his favorite show, reading, singing, coloring, playing with his favorite toys... the list goes on and on. I've even tried doing his neb treatments while he's sleeping, and that is a complete bust. I am at an&nbsp;absolute loss as to how to get him to calm down so his routine isn't a full on battle 10 times a day. It's exhausting for both of us. 

Thank You. Yes it is scary. They have let him go home, but he has a feeding tube in his nose. They want to see how he does over the next month with it in, then a month without it. So they can determine how soon he will need to have the feeding tube surgery. But at least he is home now.
Somehow it seems counter-intuitive to feel grateful for having a chronic illness. My blog post today might change your perspective. ~ Peter

Hi Emily,
Every day I am inspired by the selfless service of people like you who offer support to others struggling with chronic illness or other personal challenges.  The HealingWell forums are filled with so many awesome people!  We are truly all connected. 
Hi,
Announcing our first ever HealingWell book giveaway!  I'm very happy that the first book I have to give away is Carla Ulbrich's book &quot;How Can You NOT Laugh at a Time Like This?  Reclaim Your Health with Humor, Creativity, and Grit&quot; published in February 2011. Carla writes from the heart with refreshing wit and sometimes brutal honesty about
Who knew I would be thankful for having a chronic illness?  Actually I wish I never got sick in the first place, but given that I am, I am glad it has changed my life in some good ways.  It's almost Thanksgiving and I've been reading responses in the forums to my recent post on Cultivating Gratitude.  Little did I know how many people related to my experience. 
I am so confused!!! I'm 25 and in medical school ... grew up with what was called "severe atypical asthma". I got pseudomonia once, and had other weird respiratory issues that are not usually seen in asthma. fine, well, then in med school we learned all about genetic diseases and cystic fibrosis etc. One thing we learned was that carriers of the CF gene are more prone to asthma. Huh, interesting. So my husband and I decided to go for genetic testing before trying to get pregnant next year. His came out as a carrier. Mine came out as having 2 mutations in the CF gene. What? I thought the problem was a phenylalanine substitution, a single problem. So I asked my genetics prof and he said that different mutations can cause it. I asked if my husband and I have different mutations, can our children still get CF? He said yes. So then the place I had gone for testing asked to see the old records from when i was a kid and they did a sweat test. Mom dug that out and the Cl level was at the upper limit of normal. so what does that mean??? 
If your test came back positive for two CF gene mutations, you have Cystic Fibrosis.&nbsp; Do you know what your mutations are?&nbsp;&nbsp; What symptoms have you had throughout your life, other than "asthma"?&nbsp; As for you sweat test as a kid, it is not uncommon to have a high norm result, it really should have been repeated.&nbsp; A lot of CF patients are misdiagnosed as simply having asthma.
Hi - Thanks so much for replying! I never had any of the GI problems associated with CF...I've always been pretty much average weight. My lungs have always been a bit of a pain in the neck...like when I get a cold it takes 4-6 weeks for my lungs to stop being really junky. My parents were taught how to do chest PT and did that whenever I had a cold to help me clear out the mucus. For asthma they also do PFTs and mine never came as close to normal as they were supposed to...even after taking albuterol I'm in the 85% range, which apparently is low for someone with asthma who is diligent about her medications. As a teenager I was hospitalized about 10 times with asthma...they always gave me tons of steroids and strong antibiotics and I got better. At home I have a nebulizer to use whenever I get sick. So thats pretty much the story. Shouldn't this have been picked up before now? Honestly I thought people with cystic fibrosis did not live to be my age without aggressive treatment, let alone without a diagnosis! So with the mutations, if there are 2 different mutations in the gene, isnt it possible to be just a carrier of 2 mutations? or does any gene muation shut the gene off, making it not matter what or where the mutation was? So where does this leave me? and my family? what can i expect now??? thanks so much to anyone who can reply and help me out!!! - Anna&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

If you have a chronic illness, you know a little something about
Ok im new here and i dont know what catagory this goes under, my room mate has a wound vac and its hooked on the cleft of her left buttock. she finds it hard to sleep for fear of her bridge coming off. any ideas so she can sleep better, we are despsrate.Tabitha
Please contact the administrator of this site for permission to post this.&nbsp; Thank you. Write to:
I've had trouble writing a coherent blog post lately.  Probably because I've been sick a lot this Winter.  So to help me get the ball rolling again I'm giving away 2 copies of this awesome book - Healing Walks for Hard Times:  Quiet Your Mind, Strengthen Your Body & Get Your Life Back.  Anyone with chronic illness will find this book both motivating and easy to follow.  Enter the giveaway a number of different ways below by Friday, February 17th!
Mindfulness was not a term I was familiar with when I was diagnosed with chronic illness 17 years ago.  Looking back, I wish I had known more about
Hi everyone,Caitlin
  &nbsp;It is most likely that my Godson, who is almost 5 months old now will have to have surgery to insert a feeding tube. I have done quite a bit of reading on the subject, and have found that it will probably be very beneficial to him. Right now he is at home, but has a feeding tube up his nose. The feeding through the tube is done during the night while he sleeps, and the surgery is apparently microscopic. I am feeling better about it in general, but still have reservations about them doing surgery on someone so young. Anyone with knowledge or any comments that might be useful would be genuinely appreciated. Thank You 
Just thought I would introduce myself and offer my CF history.Thanks, Jodi

Hello sailgirl,
about
Sometimes the challenges we face coping with chronic illness be downright overwhelming.  We all experience those moments of weakness where we give way to the groundswell of emotions arising from our illness.  It can be so difficult some days to truly stay focused on healing well.  One of my Twitter friends posted recently that &quot;the enemy is not pain. The enemy is despair.&quot;  That is so true.  But there is hope.  To my friends who feel like giving up.....
We are giving away 3 quality books that can really have a positive impact on your journey to healing well with chronic illness.  They include The Now Effect by Elisha Goldstein, The Healthcare Survival Guide by Martin B. Rosen, and Life Disrupted by Laurie Edwards.  See link below for details.
I hope you enjoy my latest post, it is about
Hey y'allThanks for listening.

To most people getting fit with chronic illness sounds like an oxymoron.  The old me thought that people that were chronically ill simply did not exercise, ever!  But experience has taught me that exercise is key to healing well with chronic illness.
My husband and I are both carriers of the DF508 gene.  We don't have any 
i am a 28 year old with the DF508 mutation. i dont resent having it. it has been a big part in who i am today. i know, being a logical person , that it is no ones fault. CF is nothing more then a mutation in your genetic makeup. information is key to understand CF and what it does. also a strong will power.there are ways to treat CF with medicine and with herbal natural remedies. exercise is difficult at times but physical theropy and and vigilance with whatever corse of treatment that works is always good...and important. the thing you would have to remember is that every CF case will be diffrent. it all depends on the severity of the mutation and the dispostion of the patient. knowlage will only bring happiness and acceptance. and with advancments in the CF field they may even have a way to void the carrier gene before the baby is even born. Good Luck!
Would you please send me an email?&nbsp; It's posted under my name in the envelope icon on the left side.&nbsp; Thanks!&nbsp;   
Hi everyone,

CF Team,
I've had about 4 or 5 different sweat tests, the first one was at our local hospital, it was pretty high then I had the others and they came out with different results. The one done locally was done by an inexpierienced person and ended up not being correct. However the rest of them were done by people that knew what they were doing and although they were still positive the numbers weren't as high. I don't know if that really makes a difference since I still have it but it just goes to show that you should always get another opinion. Make sure it's done at a CF center where they know what they are doing. You can get the gene testing done but not all the mutations have been found yet so you can have it without having the normal mutation. I know how frustrating it is to not know whats wrong, another thing your Dr. needs to consider is your symptons. When I was first was tested I had had pneumonia several times in my life and always had a cough, but it was my pancreatic problems that caught the attention of my lung specialist and along with the frequent lung problems he sent me for the test. I hope you don't have it but&nbsp; I know you would like some answers so try to get another sweat test done, if you don't have it you'll at least be able to rule it out and you can start looking in different areas. Good Luck
Our daughter is 13 and right now a Fundoplication for her acid reflux is on the table and a g-tube for feeding to get her BMI up.&nbsp; Has anyone had this done to improve their quality of life with CF?&nbsp; Our daughters first symptom when she was a baby was reflux with a cough.&nbsp; She has had testing done recently that indicates it is at a high level and her team of Dr.s think in could be negatively impacting her lung function.&nbsp; As for the feeding tube, she regularly struggles to keep her weight up and her BMI fluctuates, she is currently at a 22%BMI.&nbsp; Any positive feedback regarding these procedures would be greatly appreciated.&nbsp; 
open line of communication.&nbsp; i need to talk to someone who can share their school experience, and some advice on how to approach school in general.
Since 2005 I've been admitted to the hospital 26+ times with stays up to 30-days usually 3-5 day stays. Had both lungs collapse due to empyema (Pneumonia in pleural space)had to have thoracotomy on left lung to reinflate and have decortication (remove outside lining of lung)Because of large amount of prednisone use I developed avascular necrosis in 6 joints-all need to be replaced. Have had monthly fevers for aboutPristiq-100mg QD-Xanax 1mg-prn Nexium-40mg
I never expected to run a 5K race.  In fact, I never expected to run again in my life, period.  Having battled chronic illness for 17 years and suffered a serious leg injury 10 years ago, running wasn't even on my mental radar. But I did.  Read my latest blog post for more.
wonder if you can help i have bronchial asthma every month a get a chest infection and bring up load of mucus and i bring up a lot of acid reflexes. Thanks
Attitude is really the key as to whether you allow obstacles to defeat you or not. It's your decision. Please take a moment to enjoy this video from kids overcoming their own unique challenges with hope, determination, and joy.

My boyfriend (age 24) has Cystic Fibrosis. Does his therapy and nebulizers everyday, twice a day! 
I am a 15 year old with mild cystic fibrosis.&nbsp; I would like to learn to play tennis.&nbsp; Can anyone tell me if this will be possible or what medications I can take?
I have a friend who has been diagnosed with relatively mild CF and he is interested in sports. My question is, will he be able to play any, and if so, what is the limit and what adjustments will he have to make?
hi my partner has CF, he says he only has it mildly and had a sperm test about having a baby. is this going to be a hard process with what he's got and the fact im not getting any younger.?  also because he has CF does this mean he will automatically be a carrier as well? any advice wud be great thanks x
Hi I'm 24 years old and my fiance and I have been together for 4 years. I really want to have children and I have cystic fibrosis and I've noticed it's hard for me to get pregnant. I never once had a scare or thought I was pregnant. I need to know if I'm able to have children and if so what kind of help will speed up the process. I go to a gynecologist next week what type of questions should I ask?
Hey,openia, Erythema Nodosum. Waiting for final diagnosis on Muscular Dystrophy type thing.
Hello everybody!
Living and coping with chronic illness can be difficult, especially during the holidays. It often requires stressful changes to your life and the lives of family members closest to you. Fortunately, there are a few tried and true steps for healing well with chronic illness that can make coping easier and your life more fulfilling.  I hope these admonitions for healing help you as much as they've helped me.
Anyone out there over 60 with CF?

Approved.
Hi, my great nephew was diagnosed with CF about 4 months ago. When we first found out, it was to say the least devastating. Since then he has been in the hospital 3 more times and had surgery to put in a feeding tube. His mother, my neice just graduated from high school last night and I must say, I am not quite so scared anymore. My fears were not those of, he won't be like other kids. My fears were that my neice would not be like other kids. She is only 18 and she is such the trooper. She is doing whatever she has to for him and for herself. I still cringe everytime the phone rings and I see that it is her calling, but I am hoping that changes. I know now that CF doesn't destroy families instantly, but rather brings them together and forces the best to come out. It was not easy to see that at first, but as soon as I quit blaming anyone I could for his condition it was easy to see. Thanks for listening to me. 
I taught school for 6 years before my daughter was diagnosed with Cystic Fibrosis.&nbsp; As a teacher, I know how quickly germs can spread.&nbsp; It was important for me to keep my daughter healthy, however, staying home meant a loss of income.&nbsp; I was able to find a company and a team that fits into what I was looking for.&nbsp; We work from home the way we want, no running around, no selling, no stocking, no delivering, no sales parties.&nbsp; It is a company I am proud of and a company that is making a differerence in this world.&nbsp; Let me share with you what I have found.
Hello
Is there anyone out? I so sad i found the day that my uncle only has 30 days to live the doctors say they dont know whats wrong with or what he has. My uncle was a drinker til about my granny i really dont know what tell her she doesnt want to face that my uncle is dieing i need help
Expect the unexpected. Life is not meant to be easy. We all have our challenges. It's how we respond to them that really matters.
Hi I am new here. I have a step-son with CF and we (his parents) are having a horrible time getting him to do his treatments. Any suggestions? cfstepmom
im 14&nbsp;year old male&nbsp;with cf,diabetes ,nocardia,liver disease,and hypertnsion. but the worst part of it is dealin with it every day. you should the treatments the the pills its enough to drive you insane.&nbsp;also the&nbsp; times when you forget your pills or something and feel like crap the next day. its so much responsibilaty were only teens i mean my faverit thing to do is play video game and hang out with my friend. and sometimes it stops you from that. the basic right of being normal.&nbsp;&nbsp;also when i meet some one i dont say anything about me having cf because if you don't let them get to know you they will act like you should live in a bubble and not play contact sports or go out at night and thing like that. 
sorry i ment you should knew
I have been dating this guy for almost 4 years and is very  myself, I don't know if I could marry someone that might not be in my life forever. The kids situation bothers me but not as much as losing someone that I have already given 4 years of my life too. Has anyone else gone through this thought process? I want to be with him but at the same time i don't want to lose someone I love so much.
Happy Mothers Day to all our members and family.  DX: reverse Trigeminal Neuralgia;Cluster headaches; Atypical face pain; raynauds;complex PTSD; recurring MDD,disassociative disorder;

Heya,
Mindfulness is a set of skills for healing, intuition, insight, calmness, focus, resilience and hope that you can develop to counter the stresses that chronic illness brings.  You can literally &quot;train your mind to promote healing&quot;.
Hi, I am new here and would love to get some information from anyone who has answers. My daughter age 7 and newly adopted has had two separate sweat test 2 weeks apart. The first one she had done had readings of right arm 70 and left arm 68. Today she the second test done and the right arm did not provide enough sweat so no score was given, but the left arms score was 59. I am so confused. Everything I read on line says 60 and above positive and 30 to 59 means CF possible. I also read that a positive sweat test result will always be positive and visa-versa. So how did she get one really high positive and one right on the borderline? How can her score be 9 points different? Has anyone else had their child or their own sweat test result numbers change? I am confused.
Hello,Note to moderators: permission to post this link has been received from Peter Waite.
I'm 30, and for as long as I can remember I've had chronic sinus issues and sputum production--I cannot go half an hour of socialising or talking without having to spit out phlegm. It has massively interfered with my work and personal life. I've ruled out food and other allergies, so it must be a genetic predisposition?I'm not particularly close to much of my family and I don't want to be digging into personal questions like this. But I do want to know if I am a carrier for CF, and whether this may be plaguing me with congestion and post-nasal drip all my life.
me and my wife just had are first child a boy and we just found out he has cystic fibrosis delta f508 and 3905insT can anyone tell me what these 2 strands and by themselves and together thank you 
A young friend of our family with CF had a double lung transplant last year. And, whilst her life has been pretty hard since, she has miraculously and remarkably come through everything CF can throw at her - and more! 

Hello everyone I'm new to this site. Just trying to spread the word about
Hi I want to wish everyone a Happy Forth of July. Stay safe!FORUM MODERATOR: RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS
Hi EveryoneI have a question, my 9 year old daughter was recently diagnosed with CF and I am trying to figure out the best company for her vest used to clear her air way. I have three to choose from there is, Hill-Rom with The Vest Airway Clearance System, SmartVest, and the In Courage System. My daughter's respiratory therapist suggested that I go on to a chat site and ask people their opinions on what they thought would be the best vest, this is all new to me so any advise will be greatly appreciated.
I am 18 years old, my boyfriend has cf. I have been dating him for 2 years and the fact that he has cf doesn't bother me. He lives a pretty normal life. We have talked about our future together a lot, we both want to get married and have kids. But I know that because of the cf we might not be able to have kids or he might not be able to live a full life. I know that we're both very young and maybe this stuff doesn't matter right now. The problem is that I love him so much and I really feel like he is my soulmate, as foolish as that may sound. I don't know if Im making a mistake by staying with him, because I am so young and I could end up very hurt if something happens to him. I know that sounds selfish but I wonder if I'm putting my life in jeopardy by being with him. Im in such a hard position I really don't know what to do :/

 my future. I always thought I had nothing to live for because I would die young. But then my son came along...
I am new to this chat room and would like to meet cf adult patients who live in arizona.&nbsp; I am from cincinnati and love the west but need support if I move.
Labor is identityDX: reverse Trigeminal Neuralgia;Cluster headaches; Atypical face pain; raynauds;complex PTSD; recurring MDD,disassociative disorder;
To Whoever May Understand My Situation, 
Hi,  ps my husband just walked in and said to tell your fiancee to take care of himself and don't do the stupid thing he did when he was 23!
Hi Kim,Maya
I am in the final stages of getting qualified to see if I can have a lung transplant or not. I have some concerns aboutAny info you guys have would be great.
Hi Folks,
hi, i am also new to healing well but ive been living with cf for 24 years. i really feel for your wife, i just lost my sister to cf she was only 20. I am now pregnant with my first child, due in Sept, and im scared im going to go through the same thing or that my husband will have to go through it. i guess these things help to make you feel you are not the only one.
When i was diagnosed my mind went numb. this was something that i see on commercials happening to other people, not to me. i have slowly come to terms with it but right now i am at the hardest point in my life that i have ever been. i am at a point where ask my self &quot;why care? i'm just going to die early anyways.&quot; it hurts so much that i am going to have to leave so much behind.Breathe strong everyone.
What are the stages of cf??  I feel like my husband is gettingIm so scared..
What are the stages of cf??  I feel like my husband is gettingIm so scared..
Hello. I am up right now because outta no where I started to feeling sadness sbout everything negative. I had my hysterectomy on sept 20 n went back to work on sept 30th. It was robotic surgery. I wantrd to kno if its ok to feel like this how long it last n if there is a woman I can tslk to since my husband told me I should be ashame for not thinking about how we have two beautiful kids.
My Name is Lucy. I am 24 years old and suffer from CF. I had to leave uni it got so bad and i am not longer aloud to work. I live on the isle of wight one of the best place's in England to be for a CF sufferer. But i am struggling. I get very lonely as people don't understand. Which i get as they don't have it. I am lucky and have some very good friends, but they all have life's to lead and i get very lonely as they work in the week and i am not aloud to. I feel lonely most days as i am by myself even though i have the most supporting mother and sister. I get so frustrated as i had so many plan's which i now have to live with won't happen. I was 18 when i was told of my condition. I struggle to date/trust as i am afraid i will fall in love only for someone to turn around and not be able to cope with it. Which is there right but i find it tuff as i would love to have that normality back in my life again. Despite being hurt badly in the past and being left just after i was diagnosed its still something i want. I feel very trapped in my life which is horrible because i actually have many wonderful thing's in my life. I want to know i am not the only one???? so if anyone else feel's trapped the way i do please chat to me!!!
Long winded please bear with me. I am not sure if I have posted here before or not. 
Hello,Jade xo
My 6 year old has had complications from birth. At 6 weeks old he was hospitalized for an extended length in time for R.S.V. and has issues since then. He has had bronchitis a few times, croup, had two adenoid removal surgeries, a tonsillectomy, been diagnosed with chronic sinusitis, and is generally always sick. He coughs up lots of dark green phlegm, and has coughed up blood before (which has been said to be due to the sinusitis). He also just has his nasal passages opened because the infection was to thick to drain on it's own. Meds don't clear it up.We recently started seeing a new doctor because his last doctor kept saying it was allergies and asthma and all of the medication he put him on wasn't working. The new doctor wanted to start over and rule out everything to try to get to the bottom of his illnesses and sent him for a sweat test. I received a phone call yesterday that his test results were abnormal (his sodium chloride level is a 53) and we are now being referred to a children's hospital for further testing. I was just wondering what the outcome of the second tests may be and how likely it is that he would be diagnosed with cystic fibrosis or atypical cystic fibrosis. He is mildly salty when I kiss him and his bowel movements are sticky and tar like at times, and also strange colors (like bright blue, green or yellow). Please any advice or comments are welcome
Each of these blogs are insightful, and may help you with your concerns or &nbsp;questions ETC.
Just wanted to point out a new milestone.  We quietly hit 2 million forum posts over the holidays!
Hello out there.  Laura
Hey everyone! I'm new to this forum, but I have had CF all my life and came down with CFRD about 7 years ago. I had hardly any trouble with my CF or diabetes, however I had a couple stomach surgeries, and was hospitalized a couple times because of lung infections. I do Tobi one month on, one off, pulmozyme every day, the ABI vest every day, and take Bactrim one month on, one off when I'm not on Tobi.
Hi guys! I have received permission from Peter Waite, the moderator, to post this!
I was having a hard time holding down a job because of my lungs and stomach. 
HelloCompletely heartbroken when i was due my cycle to start in Jan hemoptysis started, small teaspoons randomly which settled. Again this month I'm doing the same.. Anyone else (girls obvo) have this? I have just gone on mini-pill cerazette two weeks ago...
Hi,I have recently met the MOST AMAZING man who has told me after a few 
First of all he is lucky to have someone as caring as you! What I would do with all chronic diseases it is important to ask how they are feeling instead of assuming. &quot;Mothers&quot; tend to tell you what to do while partners listen and suggest.    
Hello we are currently conducting a study investigating ‘How people with Cystic Fibrosis view germs’. The study is in partnership with Newcastle University (UK) and the Royal Victoria Infirmary Hospital (NHS, UK). 
hi to all. just found this board. my son, soon to be 34, has a low appetite, never before, he has always had a good appetite, he doesn't eat sweets or chips. high protein, lots of rice, fish,  anyway: past few months he has lost his appetite, I am wondering if anyone  knows of any kind of appetite stimulant????  he has been lifting weights since age 12. he will be 32 in Aug. and only in hospital 3 times, once was just over night.  was dignosed at age 24 months.

Hi there habiba, openia, Erythema Nodosum, Myopathy.
 getting 'deep brain stimulation' for cervical dystonia and was wondering if anyone out there has had it done? have a perfect evening people
I am 26 and have CF over the last 8-9 years I have had episodes of haemoptysis I was embolised in September last year without success. I now suffer haemoptysis on a regular basis sometimes once a month sometimes 3-4 times a month. I was just wondering if anybody else has similar symptoms & coping strategies or anything else that helps prevent this from happening.Thanks
ADULTS NEEDED still for portrait project - right now I am looking for adult CF patients in southern Ontario to participate almost right away. I have over 300 people in the US, but Canada has been much slower. Message me...
We've recently added our new&nbsp;" HealingWell.com&nbsp;and you'll be helping to support your favorite web site&nbsp;at the same time.
HI, just wondering if anyone knows of a condition LIKE CF? age 8 my mom started thinking they had it wrong, she said I was a little chubby and just didnt look as ill as all the other children at the CF clinic. The doctor finally agreed but said one day there will be a condition discovered that mimicks CF and then we will know. Now, I have always had a lot of health issues but aside from the pneumonia when I was a baby, my lungs have been good. The only issues remotley related to CF are chronic blocked sinuses. Not sure if it is a CF type symptom but suffer from chronic constipation and mucus in my bowels. I am also overweight. I am looking for answers now as I have a condition non histaminergic angioedema and my current doctor says that sometimes it is caused by something internal like a malignancy or an autoimmune condition. My blood work is clear with the exception of a consitantly (usually mildly) elevated wbc and elevated neutrophils. So any ideas would be greatly appreciated. Unfortunatley the CF doctor I saw as a child has retired (Dr.Bill Wilson in Ontario) or I would have tried to contact him. Thanks
Hello all,
Yes, Maya....it can be done by blood test to test if you and your spouse is a carrier.  If there is reason to believe (its in the family), they will almost be ready to test.If there is a cure for CF found, you would hear this twins mom across AMERICA......YESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!
We've&nbsp;just added another new t-shirt design to the&nbsp; your favorite web site!
Hi All,
Hi Kim,

We are looking for a volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
I was wondering what are some of the symptoms that everyone ere that has cystic fibrosis are? Because I'm wondering if I may have it.... every morning im more stopped up then what I am after I wake up, its just nasty its like im always trying to spit that stuff up... i feel weak soemtimes and the other day i felt short of breath almost like something was filling up in my lungs making it hard to breath that was actually the first time i felt that way... and my legs for some odd reason were swollen a lil on the puffy side... but my main thing is i am always spitting up stuff and its really sticky like and i seem to have to hit my back or chest to help it come up and in the morning i really dont have an appitite because no matter how much i try to spit it up its like when i go to eat im so conjested its like thats all i can feel is that stuff in me.... can someone help me out please and explain to me some of thier symptoms? I'm 21 yrs old, the doctors told me i have asthma but i dont because i dont have the symptoms of asthma and i've taken the med. they dont help and i've never had any type of asthma attack, im confused. 


hi my name is nicola i'm 22 with cf.i used to post on this site all the time and kept in regular contact with a girl called crystal bellomy,she lived in florida but moved and had two pomeranians called little bear and foxy.my pc was broken for a long time and as a result lost crystals details on my e-mail account.crystal if you are still posting on this site i would love to hear from you again.my e-mail is   
Thank you to those who've answered my original post.  For several reasons, I have (I hope it will allow me to do that) deleted the body of it.  I wish you all well. -Joy
  two and a half years now excluding the 9 months I was pregnant with my son. I am wondering if anyone eles has bin on Kalydeco and if they have had any type of negative side effects. I'm only 22 and I am skeptical of this newer medication, especially when I'm supposed to take it for the rest of my life.
I encourage everyone to give as much as you can to help the refugees&nbsp;from the Hurricane Katrina disaster in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and elsewhere.&nbsp; This is the largest natural disaster to ever strike the United States and it looks like help will be needed for a long time&nbsp;to come.&nbsp; If we all pull together and give, we can make a difference in people's lives.&nbsp; &nbsp;
Has Healing Well helped you out?  Help keep this website going by donating once in a while!&quot;Life is far too important to be taken seriously.&quot; - Oscar Wilde
Participants are needed for a study created by a Notre Dame de Namur Master's student investigating the effect of having a companion animal/pet on coping with a chronic illness. You do not need to own a pet to participate.*This post has been approved by Peter Waite. This will be the second and final posting.*

Hi Mackie and Welcome to HealingWell!    

Hi Mackie,
&nbsp;
  &nbsp;Hi everyone,
Here is a website with more information:
Hey Everyone,
The cf blues, openia, Erythema Nodosum, Myopathy, Polyarthralgia.
I posted this back in 2009  a friend with cf made a timeline of how care and treatment and more importantly,  knowledge has progressed through the ages.  I think it is handy for new parents of children with cf and newly diagnosed adults.  In the 28 years since I was born there have been so many advances and improvements in care and treatments and as you can see from this timeline, median age of survival just keeps going up and up and up.  It's still a scary disease as it still effects so many things and so much of your life is taken up by treatments,  but without those treatments life wasn't nearly as long or as good.  Children born today have a much better chance of living a fuller life. 
I'm 14 and for the past two months now every time i use the toilet, there is blood in my stool. Now im not too sure how to use this site as it is a first resort. I have not told anyone about
Cystic fibrosis effects many of us in many different types ways.  Firstly people who use this site may have cf,  maybe be the parent,  cousin,  friend,  partner of someone with cf or may just like to know more aboutopenia, Erythema Nodosum, Myopathy.
hi everyone my names olivia and im 18 yrs old with c.f was just disagnosed at 12 yrs old..... i just stubbled&nbsp; onto this website andw as reading as much as i could.... but i still havent foudn anyone out there in there teen yrs that was disagnosed late.... you u ahppend to be oen and i missed you please let me know. 
hey im 15 with cf and im sry but i wasn't dignosed late i was diognosed when i was 3 and i had to live withg it almost my whole life but if u want to talk to me u can e-mail me at popciclebabe01@yahoo.com (thats also my yahoo messanger screen name)
There have been many TV shows and films that portray what Cystic Fibrosis is really like. Some are a lot more realistic than others.openia, Erythema Nodosum, Myopathy
Hello! My name is Lauren Bokovitz and I am a genetic counseling student who is researching how women with cystic fibrosis make decisions about
I'm always running at a low temperature.  35oC (95oF) is my normal average reading sometimes as low as 34.5 (94.1F) very rarely over 36.  37.5oC (99.5F) is a raging fever for me. openia, Erythema Nodosum, Myopathy
&nbsp;i am really pleasd to have found you guys to sometimes felt very isolated could have written so much more about lea and myself and family but decided that i would not go into to much i guess untill i get talking to more people feel there is always someone else out there worse of than myself ther are some lovely letters and i look forward to coming back and reading more thankyou
My baby tested positive at birth for cf. I see that a lot of false positives are common. He had another test a week ago. How long does it take for results to come back for cf screens? Does anyone have any info on that it would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!
So,  2 weeks ago was my annual review.  My blood results have come  back from my glucose tolerance test and it shows my 2 hour blood sugar to be high again.  It's 14,  so yeh pretty high.  2 years ago it was 12 then last year it was 5, so normal. openia, Erythema Nodosum, Myopathy
I am the mother of an 18 month old, and am worried that he may have CF.&nbsp; The reasons I am worried are:

hello valerie. olivia here again. i just read your post and i have been dating my boyfriend matt for almost a yr in septemeber. we have been talkin alot aboutolivia
Hello. Greetings from Spain (excuse my English). I am a downcast father. My daughter is being refered to a CF center. She usually has phlegm and have had 4 rectal prolapses. Her sweat test is 24,3 mmol/L (negative). I am experencing GI troubles and poliposis & sinus problems from 2 years ago. My wife and I have negative 50 mutations tests (but they just cover 80% of the Spanish mutations). We are waiting for elastase and fat test (stools). I am confident that your expertise can help me. Thank you and God bless you
I'm a 17 year old girl. In February I started coughing up phlegm & had a runny nose. I was on amoxicillin. Then I still wasn't better in early March, so I got on Z pac. That cleared up my symptoms for 2 weeks, but today I'm starting to have chest congestion again. I was watching Grey's anatomy and they discussed cystic fibrosis so now I am wondering if I have that, or pneumonia or what! I'm so lost and scared!!
Let me rephrase my request please. What i am doing is a high school report and my teacher told me to ask parents who have children with CF to tell me what they would say to other couples if they asked them. I do not know anyone with CF so this is my only hope of passing this report so please i really need some people to reply but if this is still against the rules then i am sorry for being a burden.
It is okay if people want to post their experience with children with CF in this thread.
Dear Whitney,Kathy aka "K"....mom to twin boys with CF (9yrs).
Wow!!! Lots of work to be done but what an incredible read:http://cysticfibrosisnewstoday.com/2015/04/16/can-gene-editing-techniques-like-crispr-cas9-be-used-to-replace-mutated-genes-in-cf/
Hi all.
Hi all.How long the recession will go away..
Good Morning Everyone,
Hello everyone, I'm new here and don't really know how to go about it. They continue to brush it off and say it maybe a lack of water, sleep, or vitamins. I find it hard to believe when he is increasing all 3things and yet the symptoms hit him out of the blue.
Just a question to ponder on for all who has or has children of CF.&nbsp; 
Hi Mememe,
Its getting to barbeque season!! I'm having my first one tomorrow, first actual proper barbeque too and as such I've probably got a bit excited with my invite hammer so will have 12 hungry people to feed!!openia, Erythema Nodosum, Proximal Myositis,  Polyarthralgia
Hi all.
does anyone know what the chances of 1 parent being a carrier of the CF gene and the other parent being negative and whether they will and what the percent number to pass on the children?
Is there anyone that has the mutation 3120+1G&gt;A and 711+1G&gt;T and what these mutations mean?
Does anyone know if pets (dogs) with long hair can cause problems with CF people especially babiesAlso my granddaughter was diagnosed with pseudomonas and she is only 5 months old. Does her environment cause this.  Should be near farm animals or household pets. Is there anything to be done to help reduce this bacteria?
Hye all..
I am 36 years old and was diagnosed with CF at 20.  I am married and have a healthy 4 year old son.  I want to go back to school and become a nurse but my CF nurse doesn't recommend it. I am looking for all the input I can get. So if anyone has CF and is a nurse or knows someone who has CF and is a nurse, I'd really appreciate their advice/opinion. Thank you so much!
Hello,  my CF PLEASE PLEASE let me know. If I can't get into the service I have no idea what I will do in life.
My name is Spencer. I am 23 years old. I have the delta F508 mutation. I have had digestive issues my whole life. For awhile i thought it was just food allergies that i had that were causing it. So i cut out those foods. Which it did not help. Then after i graduated high school the issues were so bad that doctors could not figure it out. Then i ened up having my gallbladder and appendix removed because they made me very sick and ill. Which then helped for a short period. Then i started living in and out of the hospital. I was called a drug seeker. So then i Went to KU medical Center. They found out that i had chronic pancreatitis. So they did a genetic test which is when i found out the mutation I had. So They started me on medications to help and a nerve block which helped alot.  I lost relationships and jobs because of this. It ruined my marriage which i am now divorced. Its hard to live still but not like it was. Just wish there was other ways to control it and medicine to help.
So here is the story, my sister has had breathing issues, a horrible cough that brings up phelgm and lots of other issues when she turned 16. She was diagnosed with CF because they found mutliple Cysts in her lungs and a couple in her kidney and all this hit us pretty hard. Now, I'm 19 and for the past 6 months or so I've had a cough in the morning I don't spit anything up it's more of a feeling of something in my throat always needing me to clear it, I thought it was post nasal drainage because it goes away after the morning passes (I sleep just fine). After seeing a doctor about it he said it was caused by swollen vocal cords due to straining and coughing when I got a cold 6 months ago so he prescribed me Prednisone which didn't work so I'll be going back to him on Monday as well as I'll be getting an xray tomorrow. However, now I'm freaking out because I'm wondering if they are going to find cysts in my lungs or diagnose me with the same thing (I've seen the effects it's had on my sister). I don't have any symptoms of it really, I don't have issues breathing, don't get sick to often, my nails don't appear to be clubbed so I don't know I do have a couple things like I don't go to the bathroom but like once a week or so. (Don't know if that's got anything to do with it). I'm going tomorrow to get an xray but the wait is murdering me and driving me insane.
How is everyone, keep us updated :) openia, Erythema Nodosum, Proximal Myositis,  Polyarthralgia
Hi AllHave any of you been diagnosed with crohns in small bowel?? How was it found and what were your symptoms l! I have been having a number of digestive problems and currently being tests so I would appreciate some of your comments
Hiyaa..
I was just wondering if everyone with CF coughs all the time every day. My sister who has it (blood testing came back positive) has had a horrid cough for the past 3-5 years (I forget it's been a while). And by horrid I mean it sounds like she is dieing slowly from drowning in mucus and she coughs really bad in the morning and sort of dry but still bad during the night. Her lung xray showed cysts and shes been seeing a natural doctor to try and help but we don't know what to do. Is it possible for someone with CF to get rid of the coughing? She's 22 btw and was diagnosed with it after a blood test came back positive about
Hi, Tiana Krasniqi
I love my boyfriend a lot, and I want to spend the rest of my life with him, but he's been &quot;forgetting&quot; to do his treatments and taking his enzymes. He's had it since he was born so I know that it can be draining doing everything he needs to everyday. He doesn't know the life expectancy because he doesn't want to know; but when he doesn't do what he needs to do I'm afraid he is going to go from the really healthy CF patient he is now, to needing a lung transplant. I hate getting on to him about him all the time, it would be greatly appreciated.
I am a 56 year old female who was recently diagnosed with bronchiectasis. I have always been told (at least the last 20 years) I had asthma and have been coughing up large amounts of mucus for years. I also have a history of diverticulitis with resulting colon resection, numerous liver cysts, and a non-functioning gallbladder that was removed. I am currently struggling with reoccurring bouts of pneumonia and have recently starting having abdominal distention, mucus in my stools and frequent diarrhea. I am slightly overweight and have not been losing weight but feel lousy most of the time. My question is could these symptoms be CF related?  Thanks for any insights anyone can provide.
I'm a teenager and I want to ask my doctor for a sweat test.Am I being completely paranoid or should I get a sweat test?
My wife was diagnosed in 2009 with CF after many Doctors over 10 years said it could not be. She was 66. But it was. By 2009 it had damaged her heart (probably from poor absorption of some vitamins), caused her to lose all her large intestine and had multiple intestinal blockages. Her response to the addition of Creon with everything she ate was dramatic - few blockages, more consistent output in her ileostomy bag and a marked improvement in cardiac output. Her lung function has been moderate throughout.Tim Blowfield
Hi all im 36 with cf im having trouble with fear of the future of getting worse and being alone threw it no gf and my parents are getting older and im a burden to them anyway its how I feel nut how can I get over this does anyone else feel this way im declining more every year and its scaring me I dont want to talk to my parents bout it I dont want to upset them and I just want things to b different if anyone has gone threw this or is goin threw it please let me know if anything has helped and its so hard to have a gf who wants to go threw this when they could have a healthy man thanks for listening and please if anyone wants to chat or talk let me know thank you
Hello!So I've been coughing up a lot of fluid and have a persistent almost ticklish feeling in my chest. It's really weird as I've had no fever's and can still go to class, go on runs etc perfectly fine. I'm just coughing up a load of fluid! Has anyone else had this problem? I've asked my cf team and they just said I should go on Iv's, which I will. But that's literally their answer to everything. If I came in with a sore knee I'd probably end up on Iv's! I would just like to know what's going on!! Has anyone else had this problem?
HelloAny information will be really helpful for me...
&nbsp;
I know that pruniness is common even in the healthiest individuals.&nbsp; I am CF-free and get pruny within a couple of minutes of being in the shower!&nbsp; 
Hello. I have CF and I have always gotten pruned fingers and toes. It has to do with the sodium balance (cystics have high sodium). I would figure that people with high salt in their bodies (be them cystics or not) would also have this same pruning effect. Though with cystics it seems to happen alot faster!
yeah I do that too, I know it has somthing to do with the salt, but I am not sure what
I am really concerned after reading all of these comments.  Does anyone know if CF could be the cause of pruned hands almost immediately after coming in contact with water?  I have never had this problem until just a few months ago.  Now as soon as I touch water my hands become pruned and stay that way for a while.  Could some one please give me some advice?Thanks!
when ever gypsy gets outta the bath her fingers and toes do be so pruned alot more then mine would. i dont know mybe it has something do do with the higher leval of salts in her skin thats what i tought but id say im completely wrong.
Hi all! taking Creon when not actually needing it. I dont know what good it will do?
Hi. I just started dating someone with CF.  Even before our first date, I worried about what this diagnosis might mean in the future.  I really like this person but am scared of getting too attached to someone who will die and leave me some day.  Any advice?
I am an 18 year old male and i know that its uncommon for a diagnosis to be this late but i was reading up on CF in my class and i got to thinking about my stomach pain constipation diaharea and mucus/ fat in my stool. He did a colonoscopy and it came back clear. I know it might seem like im reading into it too much but is it worth consulting a doctor?
 
Hi, my husband thinks I'm a hypochondriac, but I have quite a few symptoms and have been on and off a slew of meds for years. I am a 56-year-old woman, and am finding that some of my meds are no longer working so I started searching the internet (as we all do nowadays) and discovered that a lot of my symptoms match those of CF. Here's my list of symptoms: a dozen medications right now. At one point my doc thought I might have congestive heart failure or COPD but I didn't have insurance at the time so we addressed it by 'trying' different medications. None seemed to really help. The coughing has become worse in the last few years, and now I regularly choke up a thick mucus tinged with blood (it takes days to get it to cough up though). I don't know if I should ask my doctor for this type of test or if I'll be wasting money and time.
Hello, am new here, I have a new friend who has CF, something seems very different to me, she was not diagnosed until she was 31, prior to that and growing up she was very active, in highschool and college she was on the lacrosse, soccer and cross country track teams, she remembers being extremely capable with no indication of fatigue or anything that might be indicative of CF , at age 27 she had a child and some short time after that noticed fatiguing effects and common symptoms of CF...she was &quot;offically diagnosed &quot; as having CF at age 31 and she has been fighting these adverse effects ever since...does anyone know if there are hormonally related causes that exacerbate CF...there seems to be such a dramatic difference before and after her giving birth...
Hello everybody, 
Does anyone out there have or know anyone with the mutation 1716G/A ? Im trying to find out if this type carries disease symptoms. Ive been told that in some people it does, and others are not affected. My husband has has been identified as having this type of cystic fibrosis but has been healthy all of his life. We also both share the Delta f508  We have done genetic testing and are considering IVF but even our genetic councilor cant give us a solid understanding whether 1716G&gt;A is safe to implant. Thank you for anyone that can help me
Sorry for being depressing but i have a problem i cant find any happiness or joy in life and im also very alone all i do is treatments eat sleep no girlfriend no friends nothing to do i just want some joy n happiness in this life of fear with this illness how do u guys find hapiness or friends or find someone to be there for u as a friend or even a relationship i would settle with something that givea me hapiness and takes away this loneliness thank you my health took a bad hit i just got out of hospital fter 6 weeks lung function dropped alot got it bk to with on 10% of base i hope i can get it bk to base having this ollneas has me worried and scared all the time thank u for help
My husband and I are trying to start a family. His daughter from his previous marriage has CF. He has the common gene. His ex was tested for the gene and it came back negative but obviously she had some form of the mutation they just couldn't detect. I was tested and mine came back negative as well. Having seen the struggles that come with being a carrier of CF I really do not ever want our child to have to go through that. My question is...Is it worth just taking the risk and hoping that our baby does not have cf or is it smarter to look into IVF and other forms to avoid the possibility of that. Any opinions or advice is much appreciated!
My daughter, who is 7, had her gall bladder out in October. She was 6 then. In the hospital they administered a sweat test among many other tests. The results were a 48. Several weeks later they gave her another sweat test, and the results were 55. So in January her blood was sent to Johns Hopkins for genetic mutation analysis. Today the results came back: no genetic markers for CF.Thanks!
Post approved by Founder & CEO Peter Waite:Thanks in advance for your participation!
I have a disease called cystic Fibrosis which effects my lungs and stomach, can I join the military. Not just an assistant but like in a battle. I'm kinda short and it is very early, I would have to wait a few years before I could join but I'd like to know in advance. I'm decently healthy and have never had complications but I mean I still have it. If anyone knows please let me know, thanks
hi all i got a stool test pancreatic insufficiency normal is between 200-500
^http://www.myspace.com/silly_piddle_pots
&nbsp;Sorry if I missed it but has a CH chatroom schedule time ever been decided?&nbsp; I really think it could be helpful if there was a time we could "meet" and perhaps learn some new ideas that would help each other.&nbsp; I have learned there are some things that work quite well for CFers that you don't hear about in the clinics, but once you bring it up to the doctors, they say it may help but won't harm.&nbsp; Sometimes experience is the best teacher.&nbsp; Please keep me posted.
Dear Kristins mom,
First of all, everyone who is new to HW CF room, welcome!&nbsp;    

Hi to all Iam a member of healingwell on Hep Thread. My question is purely concerning my cousins daughter who's CF have amused a few problems firstly She had fluid on her lungs which has been drained away, and now they have been told that she has water on the head, am not sure wether my aunt telling me meant water on the brain. Do any of you know what this could be, or have heard of this before, sorry for the intrusion but I was just a little worried and I find healing well very helpful towards my illness 
hi i was just wondering does anyone else suffer from ABPA (Allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis) and what kind of treatment are you getting for it?  Thanks

Hi Alex
Hello Claire and Alex...Let me know how things are going with you folks...hope everyone is well.

Hi Smith,
Hello again Smith, 


{{{{{Sarah}}}}}
Hi Sarah,
I AM NEW HERE. MY DAUGHTER HAS SOMETHING THAT ACTS LIKE CF BUT THE DRS. SAYS ITS NOT CF. SHE IS CONSTANTLY IN THE HOSPITAL GETTING SUCTIONED OUT. SHE HAS SO MUCH MUCUS. SHE GETS PT AT HOME EVERYDAY( LIKE TAPS) HALF HOUR LATER SHE IS ALL FILLED UP AGAIN. SHE HAS HAD COLLAPED LUNGS &amp; EVERYTHING FROM THIS. SHE HAS A HARD TIME BREATHING FROM THIS. THE DRS. DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO FOR HER &amp; THEY CANT FIGURE WHATS WRONG WITH HER. HAS ANYONE ELSE HEARD OF ANYTHING THAT MIMICS CF? THANKYOU.

THANKS KITT


KITT




Hiya, would also like to welcome you to the boards.Gem
Dawn, my daughter exhibits the exact symptoms, but she is only 15 months old-doctors say it is not Cf, but they don't know what it is-She has had a full pulmonology work-up,including bronchoscopy, now we are getting GI work-up, tomm.we will see an immunologist/allergist- she had some bloodwork drawn on her immune panels that was abnormal-also has an appt.w/neurologist-She is just a baby and these are all pediatric specialists-what caught my eye was your wording- I have asked it so many times-what acts like CF, but isn't Cf-please keep me posted on how your daughter is doing and maybe we can help each other get our girls' better- My daughter has been in hospital twice in last month-collapsed lungs and chronic mucous EVERYDAY clogging chest that she cannot clear out on her own-EVERYDAY she has brthing treatmnts to open her up and starts 3-4 hours of coughing mucous out of chest-


Hi there, my hubby has been sick for over a month, had original infection a month ago, diagnosed and treated for pnuemonia, got so sick he quit smoking, and now he has what has been diagnosed as a secondary infection, which the doctor first suspected to be cf, however, he has not gotten a confirmation phone call on his labs and scans...which of course, accding to the doc, means, good news, however, my husband has been upper resp congested, ears plugged, and major phlegm and sputum producing, gagging, weary, restricted breathing, cannot hear well, and is generally poor right now.Can anyone shine a light on this?
. thank you so much!
 .&nbsp; You may have to ask to join but it is a much more active group.&nbsp; Please do them justice in your work.

Hi Sara,
Sara

I am 32 years old and found out m step son has CF. I have been researching this disease. I am VERY concerned because my husband and I have a 2 year daughter. He is a CF carrier. I don't know if I am. They need to make every pregnant women take this test. I have to get tested this week to see if I am carrier. If I am not she is in the clear. Pray for her.
Hi, I am 37 and have recently been diagnosed with Atypical Cystic Fibrosis by a geneticist.&nbsp; The adult CF team is not too sure the agree because my genetics are different, but they are treating my symptoms.&nbsp; My lungs are very healthy:&nbsp; I have asthma and am more likely to get infections, but am otherwise in good shape.&nbsp; My sinuses are strange and I regularly have sinus infections.&nbsp; I am on digestive enzymes and am very grateful for the relief from pain, etc.&nbsp; I am wondering if anyone else out there shares my genetics or knows about my combination.&nbsp; I have one allele that has a 5T variant with a M470V polymorphism and another allele that has a 7T variant and a M470V polymorphism.&nbsp; Any information would be very helpful.&nbsp; 
MY DAUGHTER IS 15 AND HAS BEEN SICK ALL HER LIFE. HER GENOTYPE IS M470V AND DELTA F508. SHE HAS SEVERE FOOD ALLERGIES, STEROID DEPENDENT ASTHMA, OSTERPEROSIS, ACID REFLUX AND SINUS CONCERNS.  SHE IS TAKING ANTI IGE SHOTS AND A FULL SPECTRUM OF ALLERGY/ASTHMA MEDS;; SHE IS NOT UNDER CONTROL AND WE COULD USE SOME HELP. SHE HAS NOT BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH CF AT THIS POINT.  DENVER HOSPITAL HAS BEEN SUGESTED.
THE MUTATIONS WERE FOUND;;;THERE IS NO NEED FOR FURTHER TESTING.  THE CONCERN IS THE PHENOTYPE CONSEQUENCES OF THE GENOTYPE IDENTIFIED.  WHAT IS THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE GENES IDENTIFIED AND HER COMPLICATED MEDICAL HISTORY?

Chromosome 7. :)


 



Hello everyone,&nbsp;
My wife who is almost 50 has DID and has been in intense therapy for 11+ years and has been making progress working at the underlying causes with an excellent therapist.  Last week she missed her therapy appointment.  This was an anniversary date - 31 years ago her father was taken to that hospital and later died.  Her therapist called me asking if she was at home, which she wasn't.  I decide to drive to the hospital her father was taken to 31 years ago.  My wife was there as a 17 year old.  With the help of her therapist on the phone I got her home as she did not recognize me.  This was the first switch outside of the  therapist's office and quite alarming for me as she works full time and has never had this happen before.  I am wanting to find more aboutS

Thanks for posting a little about&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia



Karen and Kitt,S
Hi Walking by faith,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Hi, I am a 4th-year graduate student. I was diagnosed with depression, ADD, ED-NOS, and GAD in high school. I dropped out of college my 1st year after I had a meltdown that ended me in a hospital for a few days and took a lot of work to overcome. I have sort of &quot;phased out of&quot; the eating disorder, which is great, and my ADD is well-managed with medicines and behavioral techniques. But the depression and anxiety are really gnawing away at me. My greatest fear right now is that I will go through life as an &quot;old maid,&quot; outdated as that sounds. I know that I am naturally shy, and I am afraid that this is going to rule my life. I cannot meet men at bars, because the point of going to a bar is to drink, and when I drink even a little, I cannot sleep all night and my heart races. I don't meet men at the gym, because 1) never been approached by one, and 2) I go to the gym to work out so that I can protect my health now and in the future, not because I am &quot;sporty,&quot; and it seems like most of the guys I overhear talking are really into outdoorsy or athletic ways to hang out with friends/dates. I will write more later...long day and I am so tired.
Hi all, not too sure where to begin other than to say I have been very sad. Not too sure if I would qualify for being depressed but I am pretty close to it. My husband has been stationed in Korea since January and I am here alone with no real support. I do not get to speak with him that often, and he was not able to come home on leave as planned. I started to devote myself to my job and took on additional tasks at work to divert my attention. When that did not work I decided to go back to school (in addition to working fulltime) in pursuit of my PhD. In addition to all of this I have been traveling around the country to see friends and family that I have not seen in a long time (just as a diversion to keep me from being sad). As busy as this keeps me I still seem to have time to be sad and lonely. I have several friends in the area, but none that I am close enough to cry to. My parents are thousands of miles away as is most of my family. Other than my 2 dogs I truly feel alone. I cannot explain why I am sad other than I am lonely, but between work, school and friends I socialize quite a bit. I really cannot explain it, but here I am at 1am crying for no apparent reason. I have been thinking aboutThanks for letting me vent.
Thank you, Kitt, for the welcome. I hope that it will help me to be here.
I started taking 30mg Cymbalta last night for depression and nerve pain. Felt very sick all night a still a little today - not sure whether my disturbed sleep and wakeful few hours were because I felt sick or whether I noticed I was feeling sick because the Cymbalta was keeping me awake. I know that nausea is a common side effect but I need to know that it will go away. Please tell me it will, very soon.
Hi Mary, 
Hi Mary,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
What a lovely bunch of people you are. I'll come again. I'll need to take a look at the chronic pain forum too. I'm not sure why my doctor has got me on 30mg when the leaflet in the box says 60mg is the dose for nerve pain. Though, I wouldn't have wanted double the nausea I felt last night. I'll see what happens over the next few days - I need to work out whether it makes me tired or sleepy -and I need to think about my pain. I'd love to think it will help with the pain as well as the depression. I'm keeping everything crossed.
Hi Mary~
I didn't feel nearly so nauseous last night (night 2). But, like the night before I woke after a couple of hours and was awake for about taking it earlier in the day because I have to drive. Does the drowsiness wear off as well as the nausea?

Hi mom to Kiki,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
Hi MomtoKiki,
I started Cymbalta at 30mg and had some nausea but mostly felt really "buzzed" like I'd had too much coffee. Clenching my teeth, headache, and as I said some nausea. After a week I was supposed to go to 60mg but when I told the dr my issues she had me dial it back to 20mg. I've been on that for a week or so now. I'm less wound up but still feeling nausea, and at this dose it is not as effective on the depression as it could be. Better than nothing but still not where I'd like to be. 
Hi JJ,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
I would make sure to tell the doc what is going on.  Is there any chance that you picked up a virus the same time that you started the medication?  If you only took one pill, as it sounds like you did, I doubt that it would be seratonin syndrome.  fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies

I don't know if I am much help,but it sounds like to me she needs counseling. Something must have happened in her lifetime to not trust. If you really love her try to help her.  Its easier said than done because she has to help herself first.  I hope everything turns out okay.
Well, I have decided to 
Rania, first thank you for your kind words, and for taking the time to read this long and boring story of mine. I just want you to know that I still have some degree of hope from receiving some help from therapists and doctors, to be honest I know hospitalization was beneficial for me despite how much I resent it since it was involintary. I still do contact a therapist in egypt, she watched me for four months when I was there and offered me to call her on wednesdays to see how I am doing, I don't call every single wednesday though. when I do she mostly stresses that I must find a job immediatly though, that's all what she has to offer. So I guess thats what I have to do to improve things at the moment, she says that I seem fine now, and it's true I'm over what happened, it doesn't hurt as much as it used to, everyday brings a new hope of a great life ahead for me despite my dark past. offcourse I'm worried that I am not getting any younger I'm over 35 now but as they say it's never too late. I used to look at myself in the mirror and see a tortured, hurt person whos come back from the dead. everyone tells me I look more alive now compared to the years before, and I'm more in-tune with everyone, I enjoy conversations more with people now. I still have a lot to do, like going to the gym I haven't done that in many years I guess it was once a habbit but I lost my will to do that, or I got it out of my system, I also lost my love for coocking I used to enjoy that, all I do now is just make a simple soup or some eggs/sallad. my jounrey in re-building has only just started, and hopefully it shall continue.
Thank you kit, your words are very thoughtfull and sinsire. I understand if you don't want to talk about
Runescape was the game I hid from the word in. I havent played for about a year I think because I got too depressed for that. Although I am feeling so sad today I am tempted to go play.
Thanks I just spent ages posting a new topic. I needed this today.

Hi kitt, It sounds odd to me that someone as wise, smart and producuctive as you would fall into those games, you must have had some dificult times as I guess like mine and others. I'm glad you closed your account and that you didn't indulge in online  casinos, yes you could have been doomed :) I guess what this means is everyone could be vanrable at certain stages in his life for such things. 
I have been to therapy for a few months last spring and&nbsp;on and off Paxil during that same time. When we (therapist and I) thought I was improving sufficiently to not have therapy anymore, I stopped it. I subsequently stopped the Paxil because I had never been medicated for depression prior to last spring and wanted to see if I could do it without it. I did&nbsp;well for a while. Then it started unravelling. Now I am depressed, unable to fix things on my own, and ashamed that I can't keep it together. 
We know how you feel and we share your pain.  Don't give up on the therapist.  Your case is as important as any other.  We all need help.  Keep the faith.      Ralph

I just read your post and I'm so so sorry you've had to go through those terrible losses.  Please keep letting people support you as much as you can.  It's OK to depend on people; it's not a selfish thing!! Greg.



Aww Wordbird, it's going to be okay. You can do this, I know you can and keep posting here and we'll all help you through this! Losing weight is hard let alone the motivation of going out and making yourself exercise when you don't want to! Do some yoga at home that will help the mind, body and soul. It's a start. Talk to your doctor about CBT, cognitive behaviour therapy. This will help you get back to where you can be, feeling better about yourself as well as re training your brain to think more positively. It's hard work but you can do it! I feel your desire to get better for you as well as for your daughter. Red09
Hi Wordbird,He will not in anyway fail you nor give you up nor leave you without support
Hi Wordbird,


last week i tripped over a trigger and was in the worst depression i've had in years. spent four days of seeing nothing but darkness thru my tears. felt like i could not and would not take of myself. for the first time, thought of cutting or beating so as to feel physical pain instead of the wretched depression.  hated everything, especially friends who dared to check on me. felt i was bothering everyone. didn't want to take the handfuls of pills every day.  yes, taking my pills, because a friend called the group that i see. somehow or other, someone made me take them. not sure. just feel nothing's working, plus i'm not worth it.  feel like a seroquel junkie, but the blasted pills do slow me down. why won't everyone just leave me alone? very afraid of getting thrown back again.

Hello Chillin, im 15 years old and have suffored(sp) from depression for over a year now. Although i do not have kids and i have not been raped(im really sorry to hear that) i can relate to you tottally. And what uve read on the site is true, u should take it one day at a time. But sometimes you get in the state of mind that you&nbsp;cant control what you do. Im at this state a lot of the time unfortanetly, im on meds and have been for around half a year, i dont think they seem to help a lot. what i think helps the most is being with the people who you love. For me thats my girlfriend, when im around her i forget about everything band thats going on. I too am in therapy, i dont think that helps, i think getting out of depression is mainly a mind game, a game that im bad at. you must have the will to get out of it, and i dont have this will i speak of, i know it sounds hypocritical to say u have to have the will, when i dont. But im working on it, the thing that helps me the most like i said is when i talk with my girlfriendr&nbsp;and see my girlfriend, i tell her things i dont tell my mom. Ive cried with her, and im not one of those emotional guys, i wear black and i wear chains, but when i told her i cut myself and showed her i started to cry and so did she. But i think for you the best way for you to feel better about urself is to do as much as you can with your kids. so that they dont go through the same things that your going through. Because i can tell u, its extremely hard when your a teenager and going through depression, you remember&nbsp; how hard going through peurbity was, imagine that plus being depresed 24/7. I dont know if im the only one who feels this, but who knows. I wish the best of you and your family chillin.~Darkness~
this is my first time here. so i'm not sure i'm in the right place.

Hi John DRalph
Hi John,

Hi greg, I can relate with not being able to do what I enjoyed most lately.. because of depression and medicine related arthritis.. if it helps =\
What a great idea Nature's Spirit! Teaching weighlifting is a great idea, and Greg, your passion about it will help you too since you know so much about it.
Hi Greg. Nice to see you back. Glad that what we're all saying is helping.
Thank you Cloudless, I do appreciate your support! Reading about another person's challenges helps quite a bit. Gee, I guess other get injured too. :)  I also played softball for about 3 years and played left center.  My shoulder took a beating too. 
I just worked doing family photography, graduations/new babies..etc I sold my lenses tho for my camera, so I have to buy new ones again.. seen some at a pawn shop pretty cheap thought that'd be the best way to go hehe
Greg, I normally post in the anxiety forum but was just told Friday by&nbsp;my psych dr. that she thinks I have more depression than anxiety this time around.&nbsp; Anyway, wanted to say that I certainly can relate to your weightlifting issues!&nbsp; Even the painful elbow part.&nbsp; I have arthritis so sometimes lifting is difficult.&nbsp; I have been lifting (on/off) for a good 15 years and normally the exercise makes me feel really good.&nbsp; However, this anxious episode.... well, depressed episode now I guess.... is making it really difficult to motivate myself to do the work.&nbsp; I just want to sleep, I feel so exhausted.&nbsp; Or hang out with my family, which is good because I feel better and it distracts me but is also bad because they are all overweight and eat constantly (junk food ).&nbsp; I just keep telling myself to start and that if it doesn't feel good I'll stop - which I never do.&nbsp; When my arthritis flares up I switch exercises to something that supports the joint more&nbsp;or use less weight.&nbsp; Good luck, hope you feel better soon.&nbsp; Rachele


Starting on Friday Oct 1st I will be hosting a depression chat at 9:00 pm eastern The chat will be in the depression chat room
bump
ok i've seen this a couple times now .....what does &quot;bump&quot; mean?.......sorry, i'm still kinda new at this forum thinggy....:)...o_0
thank you for your response and not laphing....:) I think it's always good to know what's going on instead of being afraid of looking like a big dummy and not asking...
Hi, an hour ago I decided to stop smoking. I feel that I need to make at least 1 positive change in my life, so I want to start with something easy and if it goes well I will try other things, step by step like going back to excersize. please cheer me up and encourge me, I need all your support to make it through! It's only been 1 hour but I already feel like holding my teeth, something I usually do when I get the smooking urge.. Wish me luck please!
Hi Akram,
Hi raze and rania, thank you :) it's only been 4 hours but so far so good, I had lots of nuts and cashio to keep my mouth buesy. but I fear for tomorerow when the nikotin in my blood will start to drop, I'm thinking of going back to welburtin because it has helped me before to quit smoking without much trouble, and because I'm feeling kind of down lately, maybe I need something to lift me up, so maybe I'll speak to my doctor tomorerow.
Hi, I am 11 days free of cigarettes. I have been smoking for over 10 years and woke up one morning and thought thats enough. Ive tried to quit so many times before but for some reason this time ive found it alot easier. Ive gone cold turkey and have been walking for up to an hour everyday. Im starting to feel so great. Please be strong. Its such an ugly habit. You can do it. If I can, you can. Cashmere  :)
Akram,
Hi guys jamie and cranky thanks for your support. it's been 27 hours. when I woke-up I felt like smoking offcourse, it was the first thing that came to my mind.  now while my brother smokes in the same room he is making it very hard for me, but I'm not going to compain to him, after all he is leaving on friday. I feel like holding my teeth hard, and a little irritaded.
good for you akram, i hope your still smoke free!!!!

wow rania this is a great link, thanks for the information. I then zoomed down and saw the sad stories, specially bryan who died at the age of 34 leaving his wife and his 2 year old baby and mother :( very sad indeed... he tried to speak to press to tell his story but it was too quick for him he didn't get a chance. well I decided to put this story on facebook, maybe it will help someone decide to stop...
Hi Akram,

Wanted to say Congrats so far and hope you keep smoke free this time!
HI guys, thanks for the warm words, still smoke free so far, but the temptations seem to be back for some reason, no idea why. maybe it was just an illusion that they were gone lol. when I get the thoughts I try to do anything to keep my mind off smoking like drinking some cold water ( it's refreshing ) or eating nuts/cashio or ice cream. I guess the battle is still not over, but I feel proud of myself and soon it will be 1 month without smoking, in about
thank you jamie, Chartreux, Deadbees and rania for your nice words..
Hi Akram,
Hi guys, I think I am not going to get the job, they didn't call back for the 3rd inteview and it's been more than a week, since the job is an urget one, I would imagine they would call again if they were still interested. oh well maybe next time.
wow I just looked back at this post, and it seems I am smoke free for over 4 months now! but sadly that excludes second-hand smoking, but at least that's what I can do :)
keep fightin' that good fight. beleive in you. you have inspired me. with loving compassion. jamie.
Found this awesome thread on google and found it very useful although its pretty old !Cheers

Hi,I'm from the crohns site,I to am on 10mg of lexapro and it does the same thing to me.Have you ask your doctor if he will give you a script for phenergan?that works really well.I don't know any thing about the med that youare talking about.Why is he wanting to change your meds?is the lexapro not working for you?Mela...................
I tried Topamax but couldn't tolerate it.  Unfortunately, I don't remember what side effect was so bad.  I think it was making my pain worse.  I'm a chronic pain patient, taking Neurontin successfully, except it makes my legs and feet swell horribly.  So trying alternatives.  I think it was just that it made my pain worse, instead of better.
Somethings wrong..... 
NS
Well, after slummin around the house for a few days now.. I got up yesterday and finished somethings that needed to be taken care of, stuff that I was procastrinating on because I didn't &quot;care&quot; but I've realized no matter how hard I try to ignore things, it actually makes it worse.. Sucks being able to figure out things.. when ya just wanna be 'brain dead' or left alone.. but as soon as I got out of my house,  I came back and wanted to finish another... and another!  And now most of my life is almost back on track... LONG ROAD, but I have enough energy today to drive.. heh sad analogy
well, my wife and i and the two youngest kids went up to the SmokyMoutains this past weekend. Things went well, we all had a good time and were able to relax. I guess I just need to slow down some and not let the world get to me as much(stop trying to keep up with the Jones') anyways, I was getting chest pains for the past couple weeks and the Doc said he thought it was stress related. I have to admit after this past weekend my chest does feel better. and just being in a different mind set, things here at work don't seem so overwhelming. I hope this last for a while...maybe the new meds are helping....who knows, who cares as long as i feel better.   

thanks Julie and Phillis.....i do appreciate the advise.....and my wife and i r trying to teach this to the kids..they seem to be doing better than i was at their age.......thanks again.take care


Hi Solo, Red and OthersMy wife keeps a diary, and in reading year 1968 when I was 27 it mentioned that I was depressed.  Never got treated for it until I was 55.  Go figure.
Ralph! I'm so happy! You're feeling better. Makes me feel good knowing that your life will be easier and you can really enjoy yourself and everyone! I'm really glad you told us! If I was there now, Man, you'd be getting a great ol' bear hug from me! Red09
lol......guess we can ride on your coat tails and live a little sunshine threw your break threw. :) that's great news! any good news is ALWAYS welcome. we can use all we can get.stay well, JohnD

Hey, I can totally relate to what you are going through. I had the same problems after the birth of my first child, they said it was ppd, but the meds wouldn't work, and it seemed like nothing helped. Everything was just about perfect in my life, but I felt so lost, and down, and everything depressed me even more. Seems like there's no way out, doesn't it? There is though, I got through my tough time, and sometimes whenever I still have bouts, I know how to get myself through them. It's not easy, but when you need to unload, we all are here, and you can email&nbsp; . If I can help, I will do my BEST!! Take care, Deb.
Hi,
*frowns* Wish I knew more about how to help someone feel better, this bout broke my heart.. If your mom isn't wantin to confront this, try talkin to a counselor at school and then they can bring it to your moms attention.. It helps to have a 3rd party explain whats goin on with you.. I get so flustered sometimes and I get intimidated by people, so whatever I say never comes out right, doesnt even come out right here either.. But if it helps, I am glad you found this site!  You'll find out that there is alot of people here with sadness and/or anger from being hurt.. It helps soo much to talk about it and I think its better here because you can let it all out and no one here is gonna judge you and if someone did, theres always that &quot;ignore button&quot; up top.. But I've never had to use it... The people are supportive and might even enlighten ya too.. The more POSITIVE people you have around ya, the better.. 
FinalNirvana,take care, JohnD
Hi ... I think I posted an intro a few days ago ... honestly too tired and jittery to double check ... sorry!
Hi Apryl,JohnD
Hey. Right now I am in the depression chat room
johnny, we all love you mate - we tried to reach out and help you, but there are some people who like to think they have to control things rather than genuinely care - im so sorry your posts were deleted - i hope you get to chat and find someplace where people truly care, cos believe me, there are a lot of us about!!!!  dont let this make you give up
Red09,AuSsie
he had his IP address banned!!!!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; why?&nbsp; he's a kid who needs people who he can talk to who have been there and can relate!! is there anyway to let him back? i know i'm probably risking being banned too,but he needs help. i can deal with it much easier than a 15 year old boy who is in a very unstable state of mind. please, reconsider the decision to kick him.......i'm sure we can help him to some degree....maybe if he knew the rules about what is and isn't appropriate here.....we are dealing with an unpleasant issue here.....not preschool issues. my God, what does he have to do to ask for help? use pretty words to describe how awful he feels..... His girlfriend just died!!!!!!!.....where's the compassion?.....what do you think, he's just trying to get attention. NO, he doen't think he deserves any......i usually don't get involved, but he's my son's age and if someone did this to him after he poured his heart out&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;!?!&gt;!&gt;!&gt;?
WOW That's crazy. Really is and very very sad.
he's a rebel rebel - we love johnny rebel
No one's IP address was banned (if it was, he wouldn't be able to visit the site at all)&nbsp;So hopefully that will put an end to&nbsp;that rumor. This person has been involved in several violations of the rules.&nbsp; I have emailed him to discuss the problems with him personally.
Hi,
Hi Hurricane

Hurricane,Welcome to healingwell, sorry i haven't responded earlier, I hate you've been so down but it's good you have come up some even is things are hazzy. as for the meds. if i could remember what in the heck i'm takeing i'd tell you......it just changed cause my last stuff didn't work well and the stuff before that gave me disturbing thoughts(worse than i normally have)....when i get home........well wait a sec.....Welbutrin XP...i think that's it.....and some kinda anti-anxioty......o_0.......well this afternoon i'll be able to tell ya for sure....i can tell you since i've been takeing this combo i've been feeling much better.....the memory thing..well, i've been dealing with that for ALONG time now.....sorry....well, i need to go to work now......take care, ..JohnD
Well to whom may be reading, it has been awile since I last wrote and I am feeling it too. I am still depressed but also feel like I am having more psychotic episodes. I tend to get bursts of energy and don't know how to handle it. I just start to twitch. I need help and may be getting it soon. I am done.

If you don't mind my asking, what is CD?  How long have you and your boyfriend been dating?  Because, my friend who I talked about in my update has a wonderful husband who is like your boyfriend.  They dated about 7 months before they got engaged and they haven't even been married a year, yet.  She has told him, I'm pretty sure, that he made a mistake in marrying her since she has FMS, CFIDS, RLS-- to name a few--  and he told her that he didn't; he knew that she was sick while they were dating and it didn't bother him and that he LOVES her no less.  He is the sweetest guy-- just like my sister's fiance!-- I've ever met who REALLY does love her unconditionally.  It makes me want to cry and keep my hopes up that I'll someday be as lucky as to find a guy like him.  I mean, he isn't they typical guy!!  He washes, does housework, cooks for her almost every night, takes off time when she is sick to nurse her back to health, change his work schedule so that he can be home as well when she gets home from work.  It's such a bliss!!!  AuSsieG1rL
Hey Nature! Sorry to hear that you are sick.  I know how horrible that is! Yuk!  I am such a wimp when it comes to me getting sick.  I b*tch and moan about it too. I make a horrible patient as well, my poor husband! 
Hi Everyone; especially to all of you who replied to my post "Worried sick."&nbsp; I just think that you all deserve an update.....
I think thats kewl that she has someone who cares about her that much!  And I think ya nailed your own question.. you obviously care about her!  I'll keep you both in my prayers...

first things to do are see doctor and get blood pressure checked. latter can be done at many of the major drug store chains. very low bp can cause fainting. also there is the tia, or mini-stroke. these may cause loss of consciousness for short amounts of time. so a trip to a neurologist may also be in order.    linda
Hello all, I'm new to this forum. I'm 25 years old and have suffered from anxiety my entire life but what I think is depression over the past year or so. Depression runs in my family so I think I am predisposed... I am at the point where most everything in my life has lost its luster so I want to get help... but have talked to two therapists and have not had luck thus far. I'm thinking about asking about medication but I'm scared to death of side effects and how they'll affect my life... both positively and negatively. I really feel alone in all of this so any advice would be much appreciated. Thanks!    
Hi, depression does run in my family, a couple of my siblings are on meds, and I am also.  My worst time hit while in denial of being dx'd with c/d. Yes, it has turned my life upside down, had I not went and got meds and plus I see a therapist I do not know where I would be now. I am on 300mg of Effexor and a week ago my dr added 150mg of Welbutrin to the mix. Understand I do not feel spacey, goofy or doped in any way. I could not handle feeling like that cause I am a control freak. Glad you are going to get some help, there is nothing wrong with needing help. Susie
Yesterday, I switched from Effexor XR 150mg to Pristiq.&nbsp; Today, I'm so down, I scare myself, and wasn't much better yesterday.&nbsp; Has anyone else had this experience?&nbsp;   &nbsp; I've been on Pristiq in the past, with good results, but stopped it d/t sweats.&nbsp; This time, I'm not even having the sweating!&nbsp; Maybe I'm just not giving it enough time to kick in?&nbsp; I know Effexor has a very short half life, but Pristiq is supposed to be a "second generation Effexor" or sorts, so I would expect the transition to be more seamless.&nbsp; Any thoughts?
Since the pristique is related to the effexor, the transition shouldn't be too hard, but make sure you let your doctor know if you have any problems.  I hope that the new medication works well for you.&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
transition much easier. effexor 375mg to pristiq, 200mg. over a year now. less sedating than it's derivite, effexor. yes made from effexor but more stronger in it's effect on depressive dx's. will be asking doc to once again to reinstate the abilfy, pristiq works well with complementary mood stabilisers, thus i will be seeking an opinion about this. cheers. jamie
I've tried Lexapro, Prozac, and finally xanax.....I have depression and panic attacks. I just started going to a new Dr. who doesn't like xanax.....and he just prescribed pristiq to me......I'm on day 5. I'm waking up every 2-3 hours at night, and STARVING when I wake up at 5....and I'm not getting up at 5 on purpose!!!!! LOL I've been very nausous off and on, but it passes, and my head feels CRAZY....I can't wait to get past day 7, my Dr told me that should be around the time the side effects should disappear.....I've been miserable for almost a year now! My poor family.....and my husband, bless him! I thank God for them all....they are trying to help me deal with it all, but it's been hard trying to find a med that works. I'm hoping this is it! Keep me posted on how you're feeling, and I'll keep you posted! I'm trying to ween off my xanax.....but until the pristiq kicks in fully....it's tough! I'm with you! sending prayers for all!!!!

kitt, i too went through what you are going through. i too do not take to changing meds well either. hoping you feel better soon. with loving compassion. jamie.
I switched from prozac to pristiq about 3 weeks ago, and the past four days have been murder. I've been cranky, irritable, moody, manic...and some how with all of this fire, still lethargic and sad...***? my mood has been veering to different poles in a matter of minutes, i feel really out of control- like all i want is to throw my body out of a speeding car...i've been so angry, but it's not anger directed towards others, its like violence to myself, really....when i started the medicine, i had a three day headache that went away, so is it still early enough that this might fade?
I have been taking Lexapro for approx. 6 weeks now. I think I have been feeling better. I have had increased sweating, feel bloated and uncomfortable and have had headaches and many sleepless nights. I can deal with most things, but I have been so tired. I am someone who has Incredible energy from 4am to 9pm nonstop. All of a sudden, I have to take naps and force myself to do things I had always done. DOes anyone know if the sleepiness ever goes away? I am considering getting off,but dont want to stop too soon if the side effects might go away. Any advice? My Dr. will probably leave it up to me. 

Thanks Guys. I am seeing a Psychiatrist almost every two weeks and also doing CBT. I just wished I felt much better. I have been waiting for my husband to say he loved me again (tension over the last year and a half). He finally did and wrote me a note saying how hard I was working and all the positive changes he has seen. I honestly dont feel like I have been any different. I think he just sees me in a different light becasue he knows I am on meds now. I just hate feeling hungry and bloaty. I work out all the time and feel like I am gaining weight. Thanks.
Hi MJC. Hang in there. I didnt think Lexapro would work for me. It doesnt work for everyone. I hung in there past some side effects such as sweating and being tired and some headaches. I still have so many dreams at night that I feel like I dont sleep well at all. It is all worth it. I havent felt this good in years. I feel so much better. I have been on Lexapro for almost 2 months now. I really do feel less stressed and calmer.  Good Luck to you. Tabbee
the bipolar chat will be at 9:00 pm eastern on Saturday Oct. 16th. It will be in the bipolar chat room. to get to the chat room click on chat rooms on the right hand side of the screen. it's under community links. 
I don't think I've really ever posted here when it comes to "me."&nbsp; But, I think it's now time that I do.&nbsp; See, I don't know if I'm going into a depression or if it's really just stress and worrying about my friend.&nbsp; I found out recently that doctor orders have now prevented her from going back to work for a while.&nbsp; She said it would be like this past summer just cold.&nbsp; I don't want to become depressed because when I do, I can do some really bezerk things that are, in a way, out of the norm.&nbsp; It's nothing major serious but until I get older and out from under my parents' (mom's) wing, I'm pretty much stuck between a rock and a hard place.&nbsp; Got any advice?
i was going through a very bad time earlier this year which lasted for about 6 or 7 months and im just startin to come out of it. it was the scariest time of my life so far and i dont want to go back. ever. but im worried that i could go back to that place. if you suffer from depression once then are you more likely to suffer from it again in later life? 
Hi, I'm no dr. but it sounds like you are worrying about it being depression.&nbsp; Your friend is lucky to have you as a friend, we all could use friends like you.&nbsp; I hope she starts feeling better soon.

i dont know what to do! im 16 years old and i have bin suffering from depression since&nbsp;the beginning&nbsp;of this year when my parents told me they were splitting up and my family just fell apart, now i live with my dad and mum mum moved in with her bf. i started to feel better and happier last month and thought that i was finally coming out of it, i was hoping it was just a bad phase i was going through. however, the last&nbsp;week or so&nbsp;have been terrible and i feel myself going back to my old ways. my parents are unaware of how much this has affected me, my friends are too busy&nbsp;and my exams in the summer didnt help. now im starting my a level courses but i cant concentrate, im so tired all the time and i dont see the point. i hate feeling like this and i want to do something about it&nbsp;but i cant talk to my parents and even if i did they would probably think i was just exaggerating. 

Mom47, I have to tell you that I respect you for being able to pass on such a positive message, when you yourself are dealing with so much.&nbsp;&nbsp; And Nikki, I'm working on approaching things as Mom suggests, by continuing to do what you need to, despite how bad things feel.&nbsp; It's such a struggle, I know as I'm fighting through a similar kind of paralysis, but gather all the strength you have and keep going.&nbsp; I'm sure that by doing so, you'll make your way through this.
I have suffered from major depression psychotic features this summer.&nbsp; I started hearing voices telling me to kill myself and ended up hospitalized twice.&nbsp; I am doing better now, taking seroquel, wellbutrin, and prozac.&nbsp; 
Bea, my mother suffers with mental illness and also hears voices. She has told me that although she doesn't like it when the voices &quot;torture&quot; her, she doesn't want them to go away because they are a part of her. She has been one to give in to the mental illness because it's easier to live outside of reality. No matter what, my friend, you are never alone! Feel free to contact me if you need a friend to lean on. Take care, ~Joy
&nbsp;
doh. noone replied to my thread.

DayzeeRalph

I'm 18, and about a month ago, I was taking a grand total of 550 MG's of anti depressants.&nbsp; Wellbutrin SR, and Effexor.&nbsp; I had a small driving incident, where I don't remember what happened, so I had to have an EEG to find out that I'd had a seizure(s).&nbsp; Now I'm being taken off of the Wellbutrin.&nbsp; So far my depression is fine, but I'm worried when winter sets in, and the sun don't shine, my depression will go down hill until they can find out what's wrong with me.&nbsp; I'm not allowed to drive anymore either!!!&nbsp; This really sucks.&nbsp; :(&nbsp; I need some advice, or.. something.. I don't know.. I just feel like a burden to my mother to have to drive me to school, and stuff..&nbsp; even if I'm not.&nbsp; There are times I feel like I can be taken off the medicine, but.. I know I can't, especially because now I only take 150 Effexor and 200 going down to 100 then to 0 on the Wellbutrin.&nbsp; :((&nbsp; Help.

I really feel for you, Welsh Dragon.&nbsp;I used to have these awful dreams where people were after me and I'd wake up sweating and think, "Whew ! What a nightmare !" Not to be able to wake up is dire.


I am going back to docs on friday so we'll c how it goes.

I used to be a better person.&nbsp; Truly.&nbsp; I was never a happy child, a happy person... but now I am worse than just not happy: I am bitter.
You need help from a professional.  Read as much as you can on this site.  You will find people like yourself.  You will find answers. I know it.Talk to us, and see your MD.   When you open your heart and mind you will be surprised at what you cna accomplish.
i am getting progressively fed up with doctors (i have many) and meds (handfuls at a time).linda
&nbsp; Hi 
 
i went to the centre today even tho i didn't feel like doing so.&nbsp; The whole time i was outside (which wasn't long) I was crapting myself and i was tht wound up tht i was feeling physically sick.&nbsp; When i got to the centre there was a meeting taking place to i decided to sit outside with a frend whike they had a fag bcoz tht was a lot more appealing than sitting in a crowded room with god knows how many pairs of eyes burning into the back of my head (eugh I feel awful just thinking about it).&nbsp; After the meeting was finished i went and had a chat with my keyworker and explained to him how i have been feeling for the last few days and he wants ne back in tomorrow even if is just to talk about how I feel (i'm not sure as it is not for sure tht i will be able to get a chsnce to speak to him).&nbsp; I then had lunch and it was time for me to go to my hearing voices support group at another local centre.&nbsp; While i was there i talked about my paranoia and how it's affecting me and while the group were having their fag break I talked to the facilitator about it in a bit more detail and just as i was leaving he told me tht if i ever needed to talk about the paranoia not to hesitste in phoning him.&nbsp; After the group I came straight home, locked the door and have been lurking in the dark ever since.&nbsp; I have been fighting the urge to drink again aswell as it is the only thing i have found up til now tht eases the paranoia.&nbsp; Sooner or later I am going to crack
Hello im new here, cant belive christmas is upon us again, the year seems to have passed so fast, where did it go? jane x


i don't think its warped...i often imagine scenarios in which i get a phone call telling me my biological father had died. Isn't imagination tricky? I've had thoughts like ever since i can remember...and i get deja vu often too, which makes it even harder to tell if i had dreamed the future or have gone to the future and came back..???? 
.&nbsp; Transferring schools in the middle of my sophomore year was really hard on me.&nbsp; Moving from a tropical climate to the cold of the Great Northwest didn't help all that much either.&nbsp; Moving stateside where everything was different didn't help.&nbsp; On top of stress and my first anxiety attack, all the problems from my childhood regurgitated too.
sasukomoko,Please&nbsp;remember that threats of physical violence to oneself or to others is not permitted in the forums.
Mr. Waite,Please read it again.  Have i threatened to act upon my thoughts?  I'm merely looking for help since i don't seem to be able to get it at home.  I just needed an alternative, but if you feel that what i had posted as a threat, it is duly noted and i don't think i can be truly honest with myself to others or with others here.  Thanks though..
softy, baglady, Crazy4Hobbits:-Sasukomoko-

Hi this is my first post.  I have tons of problems myself but I won't get into that just here and now.  I've experienced the same thing, back during my depression.  I would be so upset and I completely lost it many times when I needed help or just needed to talk to someone, and I would pleed with my parents to get me to the doctor right that second, numerous times.  And that never happened ofcourse, I had to sit and wait for &quot;the appointment.&quot;  And then there were the times that I had my parents bring me directly to the emergency room, which happened like 3 times.  One of those times I talked to a nice lady and decided not to check in, 2 of those times I did check in.  That's not counting the other time I was hospitalized outside those times.  Anyways, what I'm trying to say is I feel for you, you're not the only one, it can happen more than once, and just do your best to make it through until friday.  just keep yourself busy, I know nothing interests me when im depressed, but as long as you do something to keep yourself busy it will be easier.  I find that when I'm not doing anything I'm more depressed and I dwell on my bad feelings.  I hoped something I've said may help you, I feel like I'm rambling a bit.  This is my first post and I think this place may help me too, and if I recall I read a post about being paranoid I think you posted about it too, and that's one of my main problems, I have extreme paranoia and delusions, I think we could relate.  Good luck, and hope to talk to you again.
I phoned the drs again 1st thing this morning and at last i was able to get an appointment for tomorrow at 10.45am.
Went to docs 2day and she was surprised tht the west team hadn't been in touch with me yet as she marked the letter urgent so she got sum1 from the surgery to phone up the west team again - so hopefully i should hear from them soon.
Dragon, I do hope you get to feeling better soon. So glad you were finally able to see your doc.
Hello to all. This is my first time in this forum and I am kind of surprised at some of the posts i've read so far. Reason being, I am not the only one.
i only have a second to say this (i'm at the end of lunch right now) but your not alone!!! life is overwhelming sometimes. and to long periods of time too. i've been there and am still strugling with it . recently i was put on some meds for it (i've been on a few different types) but this on seems to be helping.....Welbutrin XLkeep plugging along, stinks i know, but it will get better......ask about the webutrin &quot;XL&quot; i was on a different type of welbutrin before that didn't do squat for me but the XL is a time relesed type and for some reason that seems to be the key for me.  good luck and don't be afraid to reach out for help........(easy to say.......took me a LONG time to do it too)but it's easier once you do.....     take care...JohnD
&nbsp;
Hi frank! Welcome to the forum, so sorry you have to be here. I'm on Wellbutrin XL (extended release) 150mg, increasing it to 300mg tomorrow. Your's is the sustained release, from what I've read I can't see to much of a difference between the two types.&nbsp; My PCP told me to expect it would take about four weeks to see an effect. Hope you find some relief with it.&nbsp; Have you been on any other anti-depressants, or is this the first time?Thoughts &amp; prayers are with you,


I started on WXL 150mg about a month ago. I started feeling better, but my dr. wanted to up the dose to 300mg a day. Since I have been taking those, I have been feeling really high about 4 hours after I take it(shaky, dizzy, out in space) and can not get restful sleep at night. I am going to go back to the 150s and see if it gets better. Does anyone else have these effects and do they go away? Cause it's hard to get stuff done when you feel high and aren't sleeping.
Hi,
well, if being hand cuffed and hauled off to a psycho ward isn't enough you upset you i'd think there was something seriously wrong with you......what's wrong with this guy to turn the story around on you? if i got hauled off everytime i mentioned something like that..............well, i'd be on a first name basis with the entire police force around where i live. as for the crying alot.....don't feel alone.....i'm a guy and i have a hard time with that too. your neighbor sounds like an idiot to me.......i hope you don't have to go threw that kinda junk again..............take care....JohnD
Depresedandlonly, 


Dear Depressed And Lonely,(Please forgive my OCD spelling, I can't help it, I mean no disrespect. I'm an old lady and don't know the cool ways.)  My heart breaks to hear you so sad and frustrated. You are only 25, your life should be happy and full of fun adventures. It seems to me that the serious pains in life should be many years yet from your reach. I am so so sorry that you are feeling them so incredibly prematurely. But here you are, and a chat room friend even younger, feeling such hurt already at 17! It is horrible. One thing I can promise you for certain, the older you get, the easier life gets. But that's not much help now, is it? But here's my best guess at how it works, so you can maybe get a jump on it. First, you get so that the very first thing you care about is your own safety. YOU had a WONDERFUL idea when you said you thought about just moving away from your creepy neighbor. The chatroom people who have bad gut feelings about him have them for good reason: they are probably right! Second: you realize that you only have 24 hours in a day, so you only have time ro really care about a few things. So you just pick a few, sink you heart into those, then call it a day, and have a good night's sleep. Get up the next day, wash your face, eat well, and do it all over again. THAT'S IT. That's all there is to Life Itself! For me, it's nursing mentally ill men at a prison, doing animal rescue, being with my friends and my sweet little hubby, and playing house! That's it. But those few little things give me a rich deep satisfying life, for which I can lay my head on my pillow every night saying &quot;Thanks Lord for another day.&quot;  I don't know the answers to everything, I CAN&quot;T know the answers to everything....but for some reason some people want to. I have a sister who is SIXTY and she is STILL having plastic surgery, STILL driving herself crazy with philosophical and religious arguments,STILL cannot form a solid relationship with anyone, and still is not 1/100th as at peace nor as happy as I am. Just make a choice already. Who you will love, what you will love, and do it. Listen to your heart. YOU ARE TRUSTWORTHY. IF there's too much noise in your head to hear your heart, talk out loud to somebody. We will hear the repetitions, and be able to help you sort out what we hear as real. I&quot;M betting MY money that you are an AWESOME individual!!! You may feel freaking nuts. But I'll bet you're not. As an adult psychiatry nurse of 23 years, I may be hearing that you might be running a bit low on Seratonin, and that's why you feel so crappy, but I can easily give you a list to check that out yourself (look under AliceBlue stuff for my list). One pill a day would fix that imbalance and you'd stop crying, stop feeling crazy, and have a new access to the real you, if it turns out that it's appropriate for you, and only you can decide, based on good information. DON'T YOU GIVE UP!!! You got some good spunk, which always lies inside a GREAT PERSONALITY!!! Take Care. Pammi (who talks waaaayyy too dang much!)
Well today was hard.&nbsp; Didn't feel like doing much but this was one of the days tht my carer takes me out and we didn't go out last night so we did 2 things today.&nbsp; We went to the Foundary for lunch then we went to see the Manchurian Candidate.
Hi ! Sorry&nbsp;I haven't responded to your other posts, I've been really zombified, just couldn't cope with all the things to do that were piling up. Glad to hear you are getting some medication - hope it is helping.    

How long have you been on meds? I started Lexapro because it really was a last resort. I felt horrible and didnt enjoy anything or anyone anymore. It was hard to get through the side effects at the beginning. I felt tired all the time and had to lay down a lot. (not me at all). I also got pain in my head and lacked ebergy. That has all gone away. It took about two months. I almost gave up and even called the Dr. to start weaning off. I am so glad I stuck it out,becasue I have all my energy back and feel great. My husband is thrilled with how calm I remain and how much I laugh at everything now. Good Luck.Tabbee
THANK YOU SOFTY FOR YOUR NOTE AND KIND WORDS,  I THINK TO THAT NOT ONLY DO WE HAVE CROHNS N DEPRESSION, BUT MY GP THINKS I HAVE IBS, I JUST DONT WANT ANYTHING ELSE, ALSO I LOST MY TWIN SISTER DUE TO CANCER, AND THAT IS ALWAYS IN THE BACK OF MY MIND.

AFTERNOON SOFTY,TEDDY.
For several years now I've accepted the dx of &quot;bipolar on the low side&quot; and gone about my normal business. Not really knowing what that term meant. And to be quite frank, not really caring. It was just a label that was put on me by someone &quot;practicing&quot; medicine. 


Hi Washi, it sounds like you have put alot of thought and care into tallying up a list of all the bad things in your life. Have you put that much care into the list of all the good things? All these people you are focussing on with problems, what are some of the reasons you love them, what are the positive aspects, make that list up, I would love to see it, it would help me. I think you need attention as does everyone, maybe the important people to you in your life, aren't available for you when you hurt and need. This is why it is most important to be there for yourself, and not mangled but in tact. You want to hurt yourself? Excersize until it burns while listening to your favorite music, maybe the emotional and mental crap won't be screaming so loud in your head when you are done. If and or when your mind is clouding up with this negative fog, MAKE yourself pray, over and over if that's what it takes. LIVE! I used to complain about my old hat until I met a man with no head. I want to see your new list. God be with you my young sister. Peace
Hi, long time no see! I've posted on the Anxiety/Depression posts a while back, but lost my hard drive and the link! So I found it, and I'm back. This time... I think I'm depressed.
Hey break,Depresedandlonly
Greetings man, I feel ya. My grandmother, only grandparent I knew, lived with us and died on my 10th birthday. I realized then, we live, we die. This is the real deal. That said, it is up to us how we spend our lives, we are given choices, do we simply exist suspended in a perpetual state of negativity or do we CHOOSE to live in a healthy, happy and content state or at least strive for that. Of course loved ones dying hurts like HELL. Were your departed loved ones good people? What were some of the strengths and positive charactoristics of the ones you loved and lost. Focus on those beautiful points and embrace what you've learned from them. In this, you keep them alive forever. Share your life lessons with those more unfortunate than yourself. You are a great, strong and unique person. You have a certain quality, it is now up to you to let yourself heal and find the thing inside you that is good and pure and share it with everyone you meet. Death is part of life, it is the natural ebb and flow like the tide. There is a universal balance, you are learning this first hand and it is good(even if you can't feel it yet). Get your ass back to school, talk to a councelor about exactly what you brought to this forum. Don't give up on living. Finish what you start in life, school is cool. It will keep your mind occupied with positive things, make friends, fall in love, read good books, pray, smile, remember how to laugh. I am speaking for every person you've lost in your life, don't give up, live your life to the best of your abilities, make every moment count. Life is short tho some days seem l o n g.

Maybe you secretly liked the yelling because you were comfortable with pain, like your first love. Did you allow yourself time to heal after your first traumatic relationship? Or did you jump right into sombody elses bed and medicate yourself into a numb state of false comfort? Only you know that for sure. Well, now that you coaxed your husband into a drug dependancy to satisfy your wishes and he seems to be more tolorable to deal with, you are finding your pain is still there burried under years of denial and medication. I don't mean to kick you when you're down but sometimes medication is like a contaminated band aid, the wound won't heal underneath if you keep covering it up. I think a strong healthy step towards healing will come when you get therapy on your own to deal with the trauma you've suffered with your X, and family counseling to replace drugs with knowledge(mental, physical and spiritual exersize). Stop trying to get results from a little magic pill and put the amount of work and care it takes to REALLY heal you and your family. I pray you experience healing together. Peace
maybe your right. I'll think about that. I am working with a therapist. I never did get any counceling the first time..no money..single parent (other excuses). I really thought I was trying to make changes. Maybe I am just fooling myself
miss you, my canadian &quot;ay&quot; buddy. sorry... been and continue to be strangled by the red tape generated by this incredible booming economy here in the colonies. got room for me, cats & parrots up there?  ay? how are you, anyway? have you forgotten me? i've just been snooping around once in a great while. otherwise, watching my benefits get stripped from me one by one plus ss taking forever to give me a cent. looked for you in chat, but not sure if they even exist any longer. doesn't look like it.    linda
  &nbsp;
Paul, sorry i didn't see your post untill just now and unfortunatelly i'm at work and at the end of break......... i will get back to you in a few hours.......just know your not alone......talk to ya soon........JohnD
ok Paul, I'm back. i hope you come back and post to let us know how your doing. i know this will sound like a load of crap, but things will get better if you let it...........take care of yourself......JohnD
Paul,Let us know how you're doing. Janice 33
Paul, '
   "Oh come oh ye faithfull joyful and triumphant"
Hi. I just wanted to say I think you have some insight to many things. I like your responses and how you just lay it on the line. It is a much needed wakeup call for many of us. 
Thank you, it's quite refreshing to hear that from anyone, i appreciate it greatly. I woke up this morning having a bad dream about my X,(over a year of healing from the break-up and still the occasional bad dream) so neadless to say, I felt not so great. I received a news letter from this site checked it out and I gotta say it helped me tremendously. So, to hear from you is just icing on the cake. All the best to you and yours. Peace Joe Bout
Hi,
Hi Bob, j-paba
Hi Bob, 
I hope it is how I'm feeling that is causing this. It is weird but the other day I went online and looked up his salary over his career and then stared at his salary thinking what I have to do to make that much. I am really trying to get over this but no matter what I do I can't get it out of my head. It plays over and over constantly and it drives me nuts. I keep thinking about when I used to go to the games and saw this person once in the parking lot walking to his car and I remember the great feeling I had&nbsp;just to see him in a parking lot... then I think in my head that he knows what she sounds like having sex and knows intimate things about her and I can hardly breath when I think about it. I think that he got the best of her and when we are together I keep telling myself that she is thinking about it all the time and I find myself saying "I wonder if she is thinking about him right now". Like I mentioned I talked to her about it which she is getting totally sick of, and I don't blame her. She says that the only time she thinks about it is when I talk about it and if I keep bringing up she is going to leave me. Why am I doing this to myself? I start asking her where they were and how many times and stuff like that. What gets me panicked is when I take a step back and think about how I am acting it makes me think that I have a MUCH bigger problem that what I probably do. By thinking about this it makes me more worried that I'm nuts. I never used to think like this. Also, just my luck, every time I turn on the TV I somehow see him.... there are people at work who have posters and bobble heads of this person and no matter what I do or think it seems to be shoved down my throat all the time. 

First off, I&nbsp;must admitt that I was skeptical about sharing my past with people, and very nervous to go to a "depression" website. Then I started to read the stories of other people like me, and not only the advice that was given, but also the openess and kindness of everyone. I suppose I feel compelled to share my story, so people can get to know me as I have begun to know them. I'm sorry if it is a bit lengthy.
Hey Danielle,
thanks so much :) its good to know people actually listen..

...wanting to be free.
Thanks Snohair...I added your ending
wow, i really enjoyed that...honestly. 

yea, here are just some poems i wrote to maybe entertain some people.&nbsp;nothing special, so it wont hurt my feelings if no one likes them, I just can't sleep tonight, I've had a bad day..


SnohareOn Poetry    &quot;I'm really not a poet, although my toes show it, they're Longfellows&quot;

Hello everyone, I am new to this site and I m hoping that I can get some understanding to what I have been going through. Im 38 years old and have 4 beautiful children, I have a wonderful and supportive husband and then there's me the negative, sad, insecured always tired and crying. Im so tired of feeling this way and I m sure that my husband and kids are at there ends but I dont know why I feel this way I am on my second medication for obsessive compulive disorder which is doing absolutely nothing other that making me feel tired. Im scared that I m going to lose my marriage&nbsp; because I dont believe my husband loves anymore and in love with someone else I feel my kids think that their mother is incapable sad person. All I want to do is cry so hard that I can fall asleep and not wake up for a very long while (yes I have thought about my life but I dont want to bore anyone.
missM,hopefully today is going a bit better than yesterday. take care.......JohnD
missM, I don't suffer from depression I have Epilelpsy.I ha d two sons. my oldest at the age of 20 committed suicide. I don't know if you have insuance if not go to your Community Mental Health.I know what suicide did to my youger son when he lost his brother. You have kids that need YOU. Nobody can take your place as their Mother. Please find someone to talk to. enen a minister at a church can be of great help or if your community has a  Womans Resouse Center Try the theapist their. At Healing well you are never  a bore. It is a good place to vent. I know this I vent 2 or 3 times a day.Sometimes and it really helps me.   Mary
Hi - this is my first posting and it's difficult putting this low stage in my life into words for strangers to read.&nbsp; (better strangers who can relate than family and friends who don't understand or choose not to).&nbsp;I'm 49 years old, un-happily married with 2 kids in their 20's both away at university.&nbsp;This is my third round with depresseion - each 'episode' lasting longer and feeling worse.&nbsp; I have now been medicated for almost 1 1/2 years on Celexa and Wellbutron.&nbsp; Despite my meds I am again in a very bad place - gaining weight, not getting out of bed, not showering or getting dressed and avoiding any and all social contact.&nbsp; I find the holidays hard even when I'm well.&nbsp; To the outside world I'm the Queen of Christmas with my house decorated from top to bottom - they don't know my private hell.&nbsp; 
Goodness me! The Queen of christmas to the outside world? That's a huge effort - I can't manage to do that.
This week has been one of nothing but let downs. Monday was my day off of work and my parents argued all night long. My step mom said some pretty harsh stuff that I was shocked by. I couldn't sleep that night, so I just stayed up talking online. Later that night, this guy that I had dated was talking to me online and told me that he was sorry because he had used me just to get back at this other girl - I have severe insecurities with myself so I could do nothing but cry and wonder why people don't like me for who I am. All week long people have been making fun of me in my English class, and I don't know why. They make fun of me for being an A student, and they call me names like "*****" and "dumb *****", even though they don't even know me. My teacher stood right in front of this kid as he said to me "shut up you stupid *****" as I asked a question - and the teacher did nothing, didn't even say a word. What shocks me is I normally get along with everyone. I'm not like the "dorky" straight A student - I am just me, and I try to be nice to everyone. So yesterday I found out that my little brother may have some sort of 
Hi Danielle,
Hi, I'm new.  I was touched by your post.  Congrats on your acceptance letter.  Put it where you can see it every day and remind yourself of how great it is.  Maybe it will help you get by in english class.  High school is hard, some people are just mean.  You'll get thre it and trust me when you look back you'll be so proud of where you've gone.  some people i went to high school with who were so cool then are not doing so great now and i think back and wonder why i needed their approval in the first place.  They have grown too and are not as cold as they were back in the day!  As for this guy you went out with it's so hurts to feel rejection by anyone in the lest of ways.  He was in the wrong, there was nothing wrong with you it's him.  I know that doesn't always help.  It's so sad how much power people have over us and how easily people can hurt one another.  Hang in their and I agree with above stay focused on your goal and let that give you inner strenght.  How great of your mom to give you that gift!
I was talking to someone a short time ago who mentioned that she never read the newpapers.
Hi everyone.
Hey Randy,


'''randy''god bless you honey---your son should have ''no''labels''we all carry
My xdbf got out of the hospital a few months ago. He was in for a very long time and now is working and doing really well. We maintained minimal contact throughout his hospitalization.Isa
so...for all of those who give a crap and have read my very first post on this forum...just thought i'd update.
Hi&nbsp; 
Hi.&nbsp; I'm trying to wean myself off of Celexa.&nbsp; I was taking 30 mg daily and have lowered myself to&nbsp;20 mg the last few days.&nbsp; I also started getting terrible daily headaches.&nbsp; Any connection?&nbsp; How long should the whole weaning process take?&nbsp; Thanks for any &amp; all answers.

Dear Hajnalka,My heart breaks for you. I have been in this situation, and been suicidal. After leaving my husband, I lost the lover too, who ultimately could not leave his wife, after a similar delay. Now, some distance from it, I see that I was in an affair with a man whom I worshipped, but who was WILLING to be in an AFFAIR! HELLOOOOO! I am now remarried to a dear soul on whom I wouldn't dream of cheating, and who would not in a million years cheat on me. At this moment, I hear every second of pain in your heart. AND I realize that there is a reason God commanded us to &quot;Keep Faith with the Souse of Your Youth.&quot; HE was trying so hard to prevent each of us from these horrible agonies. We just didn't listen.  The questions are really these: Do you still love your husband? Is he retrievable if you do? Can you go to him and saY &quot;I was wrong, I repent before you and the Lord? Will you accept me back? I will make every effort to be a worthy wife!&quot;  In the event that you are NOT in the mood to do that, and I do not have a feel for where you are with that; your very next best option in my opinion, is to say to Lover: do NOT show up at MY door AGAIN unless YOU have a RING in your HAND. NO ONE touches me unless they are my Betrothed! I will not be so dishonored. Do you understand me?   Then you will know his true colors. If he plays ball, you know who you are. If he doesn't play ball, you know the real story. You can take a couple days off work, scream into a bath towel, grieve acutely. then wash your face, put on your make-up, comb your hair, and get on with your life. AND you will have a MUCH clearer idea of WHO you accept into YOUR precious life the NEXT time around! You are worthy, sister, you are worthy of IT  ALL, and don't you accept one bit less!!! Pammi
I've been feeling really low. I know it's that time of year... I have a problem with hurting myself. I got worried about my recent injury (burn) and showed my husband. He knows about my problem, but it makes him feel bad and feel like his anger caused it and like he has to make sure I don't do it again. He almost took me to ER last night because he thought my injury might need medical attention. We agreed I would keep nursing it over night and if it looked better today I wouldn't have to go. It's looking a little better today so I think I won't have to go. I still feel so low, I don't know what to do to make me feel better. I take anti-depressants, went for a walk... any suggestions?    

Hi Tara.&nbsp; This may be a stupid question but are you on anti-depressants?&nbsp; Also, could you get out into the sunshine and fresh air for a bit, sometimes that works wonders.&nbsp; I have been in your place and need you to know, there is hope.&nbsp; Do you have any family or close friends you can talk to?&nbsp; If not, maybe try writing in a journal.&nbsp; Sometimes just getting our feeling out helps.&nbsp; I really don't know what else to tell you Tara except hang on, tomorrow will be a better day.&nbsp; Know that you are important to many here on earth and would be terribly missed.&nbsp; Take care of yourself Tara and maybe treat yourself to a warm, bubbly bath and a funny book or movie.&nbsp; 
I WANT TO THANK U FOR UR INPUT.I RECENTLY FOUND OUT THAT MY MOM WAS ASKED BY A DOCTOR ONCE WHEN I WAS YOUNGER IS I HAD EVER BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH BIPOLAR DISORDER. SHE NEVER TOLD ANYONE UNTILL TODAY WHEN I MENTIONED THAT IT SOUNDS LIKE THE SAME SYMPTOME I HAVE. I AM PRETTY UPSET THAT SHE HAD NEVER REALLY BOTHERED TO FIND OUT. I HAVE ATTEMPTED SUICIDE SO MANY TIMES OVER THE YEARS. AND I ALWAYS ASSUMED I WAS NORMAL. NOW WITH 3 KIDS AND A HUSBAND I DECIDE TO FINALLY GET HELP. I DO TREAT MYSELF AND TAKE TIME FOR MYSELF BUT THAT JUST SEEMS TO MAKE MORE TIMW FOR ME TO THINK ABOUT HOW AWFUL THINGS ARE. I KNOW PEOPLE LOVE ME BUT THE WAY I LOOK AT IT IS THIS. IF I WERENT HERE THEN THEY WOULDNT HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT ME SO MUCH. I KNOW I HAVE TO GET THROUGH THIS AND I HAVE TAKEN MY FIRST STEP.I JUST HOPE THEY WILL GIVE ME THE HELP I NEED. WHERE I LIVE LUNCH IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN MAKIN SURE SOMEONE IS OK. I SEEM TO ALWAYS GET THE RAW END BUT I JUST TAKE IT. ANYWAY THANK U FOR U WARM THOUGHTS AND GESTURES. I WILL LET U KNOW WHAT WAS DONE AT MY APPOINTMENT TOMORROW. UNTIL THEN HOPE ALL IS WELL

It would appear to me that you must get your parents involved in starting your life all over again.  The horrible situations you have explained seem to me to require intervention from social workers, possibly law enforcement if you feel rape has taken place.  You need major help.  Start with your  family doctor.
Hi, I recently had an Surgical&nbsp;abortion on the 14th of October, I was 5 weeks pregnant. The Doctor said it was successful everything was fine. Until I had a phone call from the clinic asking to have another blood test taken. So I did, and they said that my hormone levels were increasing not de-creasing and the Dr said I'm going to have to go in AGAIN for another surgical abortion (having to deal with it once is hard&nbsp;enough&nbsp;but twice is just horrible). I went back in straight away the Dr gave me an internal and external ultra-sound but he couldn't find ANY tissue or remains left? I am soo confused! He has referred me to a radioligist which I go in tomorrow to see if they can find anything. I am just so over everything and want it to be over with :( 
hi k-8, jamie here. am male, 38. sorry that this has happened. i am glad that you have a supportive partner. as you said, the decision is tough enough. hopefully it is just routine, the radiologist. sorry not up on any specifics, but i know that the ladies will give you some info soon. you have been very brave, pls know that this is a very supportive community. sending healing compassionate prayers your way. jamie.REMEMBER TO LOVE YOU. BE YOU AND BE TRUE.
Wishing you all the courage in the world K8, may you find all the strength you need to get through this painfull time
ARGH they are making me go back in on thursday for the 3rd time!!! I have NO idea what is going on. I'm just so over everything :( I wish someone knew what I'm going through and I hope everythings going to be alright. It keeps getting worse
K-8,&nbsp; as with the others, I am sorry for your pain.&nbsp; I also want to say something you may not have heard yet.&nbsp; I am proud of you.&nbsp; I am very proud of you for taking responsibility for you and&nbsp;making a choice that works for your life.&nbsp;&nbsp;I do not use the terms Pro-Life and Pro-Choice.&nbsp; I use&nbsp;rather Pro-Life and Anti-Choice.&nbsp;&nbsp;I am Pro-Life, for the life you want to lead, for those&nbsp;who want to have children, for those of us who don't.&nbsp;
Thank you for all your support! It truly means a lot to me. 
YOU WILL K-8. JAMIE.REMEMBER TO LOVE YOU. BE YOU AND BE TRUE.

I really think you should go to counseling.  Your wife was right to suggest it.  If she is going, that means she is trying.  I think she is trying to find herself.  She got married (and pregnant) young.  She has probably lost herself in the shuffle of raising kids and being a housewife.  I think that maybe deep down she loves you, but it sounds like she isn't &quot;in love&quot; with you atm.  It really sounds like she is struggling to find herself and see what she wants to make of the rest of her life.  I am sorry she isn't involving you though.  But through counseling and possibly medication, I think you will feel better.  You said she has been walking on egg shells for many years.  It must be due to your moods.  It sounds like you let little things trip you up and put you in a bad mood.  With counseling, you can learn to control this.  Possible CBT therapy would help.fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Well, I'm definitely depressed since all this has happened.&nbsp; I'm just wondering if she has suffered from it periodically over our 18 years together.&nbsp; Like I said, lots of ups and downs over that time, but St. Louis was a really rough patch.&nbsp; She really did try to make it work, and I could tell she wasn't getting any better which is why I ultimately sacrificed my career to move us back.&nbsp; I was actually going to take a completely different job with a large pay cut to move us back, but my company liked me enough to keep me and just demote me.
It truly does sound like she has been depressed and has tried to help herself.  From what you have said, she has been on medication and you didn't realize it, so you probably didn't realize other times.  She may be depressed, or may have just decided that she wants to try to make it on her own.  And she can financially with the amount of money she makes.  She might have to down size a little bit.  But 50K is good money actually.  fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
I do apologize for my last original post, there was no anger when I posted it however the context didn't come to what I was really trying to say.However I still agree that her depression is playing a role in this relationship and the original posters depression could also be playing a role in their relationship (this is not a wild assumption, as read further back that he states she was taking anti-depressants in which indicates to me that this is playing a role.)
SueTho, I guess I didn't get a chance to read Crackles' original post, so I don't know what to make of it either way.&nbsp; It doesn't appear in the thread for some reason.
Hi....I just registered on this site so I could respond to you. I feel compelled to give my input. I was married 17 years, and my husband and I ended up divorced. Abuse was on-going in my marriage. My husband was degrading in the way he communicated to me, verbally. He was sexually abusive.....using me, and disrespecting me, etc. He had a severe ****ography addiction. When we were married 14 years, he hit me, physically. When that occurred, I actually had a &quot;vision&quot; in my head, where I saw a white cord connecting us.....that severed, in that instant. I felt at a very deep level that &quot;it was over.&quot; In spite of that, I continued trying to re-connect my heart, for three more years before we separated, because I believe strongly in marriage and actually don't believe in divorce, in spite of his ill-treatment of me. MiraclesHappen
To be honest mate, you sound like a completely amazing person and you must be head over heels for your wife to put so much effort into this. I truly hope from the bottom of my heart things will work out for you 2 and there is nothing else I can say that will substitute. Melbourne, Australia
I have heard it said, that absence makes the heart grow fonder, but it doesn't seem so in this case.  It sounds like both of you have strattled the fence on this relationship.  Maybe she will change as you said you did.  It does sound strange that she would say that you are backing off of your commitments, but does she know the reason that you resigned from the boards?  fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Can a person get their feelings back?  I think that is a question for the individual.  I don't know if it can be answered.  And I don't know how long that would take.  Shee might  not want to try.  As hard as this is to say, it kind of sounds like her mind is made up.  It sounds like she has gotten cold.  fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
I'd like to know how your relationship turned out...Are you two still together?
I have been suffering from Depression for many years. One of the biggest problems I am having this bout is extreme fatigue. I cannot keep up with the house work. I have 2 small children & it takes everything I have just to care for them. I do not care for myself at all. I only shower once a week, don't brush my hair, ect. I just got out of the hospital Monday after a week long stay.Thank you :)
How long did it take everyone who stopped taking Zoloft to begin losing. The weight they gained while taking zoloft? I am getting so frustrated with with the weight gain so I switched meds. :(
Hello Blue Pixie, right.  I now weigh 136 and climbing!!!  My endocrinologist (my thyroid Dr) even gave me some Phentermine to help with the weight loss to no avail!!!  I am out of options and solutions and am anxiously waiting to see some positive weight loss!!!  22 pounds is wayyy too much and it makes me hate myself.  I would rather be skinny, a little anxious/depressed, and still want SEX, than to be Fat, Depressed/Anxious and absolutely no libido and just plain Hopeless.  I seriously need to hear more success stories of weight loss after stopping this medication...

Vikki,. Duplicates will be removed by moderators. 
Hello Everyone,
I've been on lexapro for 7 weeks now and I'm experiencing much dizziness and brain fog lately. I'm not sure if the dizziness is more so the anxiety or the medication at this point. Does this eventually come to pass? I feel as if I'm operating in a daze and I'm not enjoying the new me at all.
Hey all,. Because it can all be taken away from you on an early morning, while you're half asleep. And you're life will never be the same. I wouldn't wish my hardship on this relationship on my worst enemy.
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Hi everyone!  This is new for me, and I so excited to find this forum.  We can help one another.  I have been on Cipralex 10 mg and Wellbutrin 150 mg for over 5 years; it has worked fairly well for me.  I recently took stress leave from work and the doc switched my Cipralex to Trintellix 5 mg.  My head feels a bit foggy and I have been feeling hyper; it also takes me awhile to go to sleep.  I have been on it for approx 2 weeks.  I am worried aboutBlessings
Hello to all
Nat, DX: reverse Trigeminal Neuralgia;Cluster headaches; Atypical face pain;Hemicrania Continua; raynauds;complex PTSD; recurring MDD,disassociative disorder;
I am on a low dose AD but have had a pretty rough summer. I have severe chronic asthma and lung inflammation. I read where 5-HTP reduces allergic airway inflammation by 70-90 percent. I tried a dose and wow, inflammation much improved. I started the 5-HTP for lung inflammation but it has really given me a mental lift as it increases serotonin. This supplement has been nothing short of a miracle for me on two counts. 
KChrispcat wrote aboutAndy said he had restless leg from Mirt. I had twitching toes and hunger from Mirt. I cut my dosage in half and it went away. Check with your doctor, or call and see.
Hello my Name is Omar, today is December 19th 2016. I haven't eaten and i haven't slept since Thursday morning. Lets start at the beginning. I met My fiancee on 2012. We started dating on May 8 2012. We had a baby a year later on July 9th 2013.                                                                                                                                                   On August 7th i went to jail for 41 days. It was a living hell. I got beat raped, etc. you name it, everything possible of happening happened to me. My fiancee at first was distant but eventually with some hard work and dedication i was able to win her back. Upon release i tried suicide because i got hit in the head so hard in jail that i forgot i had a daughter. It hurt like hell when i saw her for the first time and at the time she was a few months. I remember her looking at me and she cried 1 tear. That nearly killed me. I tried suicide, i tried to jump off a bridge, i jumped in front of a train and the worst one was, i drank bleach. That landed me spending my 21st birthday in a Psych-ward for two weeks.
No i did not but i am going to see a therapist tomorrow afternoon.
Life is always a hard battle and a struggle to survive. everyday is indeed a win or loss, and sometimes we must pause and think &quot;how old are am i today for did i lived long enough to learn forgiveness?&quot; or did i do everything in life to be better? for example, then if we think, if i had lived 10 years more from now on. then would you react the same way? would it solve some of my problems? or maybe its still needs more time to observe what can and cant happen, with time.
Im currently feeling all the panic again. I wake up, cant remember where i am...i start sweating, i feel like i cant control the muscles on my throat to.swallow...i feel so strange....i dont know whats going on with me again;/ If anyone can relate pls help.
It's good that you have gotten back with the board.We like you just as you are. Sensitive. That's why we keep talking to you.
Hello , I know I'm posting in the depression side but this was a suggestion by the forum moderator toAsk my question here . Has anyone had relief in anxiety from Trintellix ? I'm on day 7 and feel weird and foggy and  a little increased anxiety .. and feedback? Thank you
Hi peeps, I read an old thread on the subject but it was locked and i couldn't post on it, so i decided to start a new one as I am really worried and in a bad state at the moment. Any suggestions and tips from anyone who has been here before would be so appreciated. It is nice to know that I am not alone.
(Forgive me for the wall of text. I tried condensing it) it even. I had no idea ending what we had was even on the table. I am still in shock and disbelief. We were so close, and suddenly this came out of nowhere. Even when depressed he is an absolutely wonderful boyfriend.

Has anyone heard of this or had it done?~ Ann Brashares
Has anyone tried Neurostar TMS? 
 my situation. my other sis was meant to come today..........i feel like a piece of rotten meat. too tired to fight..........but i will. going to crawl into a ball now and wish i was on a lovely planet in a hut with not a soul in thousands of miles!! guess i am burnt out. been emotional with some things that have triggered me. a show called look me in the eye. later my friends.
Hey Jamie,  Hey Weary,fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Hi Everybody,fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Today will be the last of the 70 degree weather here.  The weekend was fantastic!  Although, I missed the meteor shower.  We were up at 4 a.m. with the dogs...took the time to 'look up' but, didn't see a single shooting star.multiple surgeries for rotator cuff both shoulders with residual chronic impingement syndrome, ulnar nerve transposition, carpal tunnel release, multiple wrist surgeries, multiple herniated discs, tarlov cysts, whiplash, bursitis of hips, grade 5 right shoulder separation and torn labrum, ovarian cysts, fibroid tumors of the uterus
Thanks for the quick reply, Lynnwood. !!!!!We're on the same level...64 degrees at night  - 67 during the day
Hello all.  Got grandson's costume finished Tuesday morning!  Hair and all!  So glad he still wants to go out trick or treating!multiple surgeries for rotator cuff both shoulders with residual chronic impingement syndrome, ulnar nerve transposition, carpal tunnel release, multiple wrist surgeries, multiple herniated discs, tarlov cysts, whiplash, bursitis of hips, grade 5 right shoulder separation and torn labrum, ovarian cysts, fibroid tumors of the uterus
 DX: reverse Trigeminal Neuralgia;Cluster headaches; Atypical face pain;Hemicrania Continua; raynauds;complex PTSD; recurring MDD,disassociative disorder;
My failed job history over 22 years didn't work out as planned so I have never been able to get off the couch which is kinda a dark hole.fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
I just don't know what to do anymore. I'm wasting my life trying to proof something that can't be proven, nor do I want to proof it anymore! So why am I doing it? My whole life has been on a halt since then! Why don't I just try to live a good life? Really what's wrong with me?
Many people would tell you that, if you want your life to have good value, joy, beauty, love, and worth, to have a positive mindset where you believe that your life is good, beautiful, joyful, loving, and worth living.  But it was never about
I have been struggling with depression this entire year. What is different is that I have also been dealing with:
Houston 7, Los Angeles 6 to tie the World Series, at one game each.
I was doing some research on my daughter's Cushing's disease and came across the Pineal gland.  There is research that there is a direct link between this gland and depression.Wondering if anyone else has any information on this?  Have you seen an endocrinologist for your depression? etc.
Houston 5, Los Angeles 3, in game 3 of the World Series Friday night, in which the Houston Astros hold a 2-1 game lead going onto Saturday night's 4th game.
Okay, maybe not doubled in the truest sense of the word--it is a few cents shy of being twice as much.Mad now--update when I know more.
Kelly,fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Hi all...stolen frm doctors rooms ..
Somehow, my brain became heavier than my skull.Anyone wanna shovel my sidewalk? I'll give you 20 bucks, and a lifetime's supply of surplus Cymbalta beads.
Woo-hoo about
Hi, I just joined this site because my boyfriend broke up with me 3 days ago due to his depression and I don't know what to do. For some background, we have been together for almost 3 years and we deeply love each other. We are both in our twenties. We have lived with each other for a year at my parents house and we had plans to move into our own place in 2 months. He has always struggled with depression but has never sought help for it. I have suggested for him to see someone multiple times throughout our relationship but I hadn't firmly pushed it because I didn't want to force it onto him (as well as the fact that apparently the person needing to book an appt with a psychiatrist has to make the appointment themselves for some reason). 
HiI need help!
Good morning all.fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Joyce, my heart goes out.I also have my ringer off for my own choosing, I just check the phone box if it's blinking when I walk by it, so I am never bothered by a phone solicitor. Oh, happy day.
hi beaut here. 25 degrees c. blue skies. went for bare foot walk. hands and arms getting worse.
So I'm trying to explain to Mrs. F27 how to start the snowblower. It's a two stroke, high-rev Toro, and the starting process involves a choke, a primer bulb, and a pull rope. After going though all the required steps I realized that more than half of my coworkers have probably never driven a car with a carburetor and a choke.And a little bit smug.
Hi allCurrent medication: Nortriptyline 50mg, Pregabalin 200mg & Esomeprazole 20mg
Hey everyone,Thank you all!
Lexapro 2nd go around need feedbackThoughts? Feedback? Thanks
Hello everyone. I am new here and looking for some advice, experience or encouragement. I am a long term sufferer of anxiety which has from time to time led me to become depressed. I had a particularly difficult time over the summer and was prescribed Sertraline. I built up to 50mg over a couple of weeks. By week 5 I was more depressed although slightly less anxious. I was totally exhausted all the time and had lost all motivation. I decided to stop taking Sertraline. I weaned down quite quickly as I had been on the drug a short time. I took 25mg for a couple of days, 12.5mg for a couple more, then two days on 7mg then stopped. In total I was on the drug for 6 weeks including tapering up and down. I had horrendous side effects on the Sertraline. My doctor has suggested prozac which has worked well for me in the past but at the moment I'm just a confused mess of wondering how much is the withdrawal, how much is stress and anxiety and whether there is actually something seriously wrong with me that makes me feel so rubbish every day. Any advice gratefully received.
I had a disturbing incident this AM with one of my regular English students.  Her parents were having a very violent argument in the kitchen, while she was online in the living room.  Her little sister ran between the two rooms--crying and wanting comfort.  My student wanted to do something that took her out of the circumstance all together.  She wasn't listening to the lesson, really, but she was listening to my voice and my tone, telling her she was smart and good.  She is around 7-8 years old, a hard worker, and very smart.  It is hard to be powerless to help, but far more difficult to be a small, helpless child.
Can y'all tell me your cutest pet stories? I really need the distraction.
Thanks, Lynn...Wow..17.5 years old.  You must be doing everything right !!!!!
I have come to the conclusion depression is like a black mass that sits silent and slowly starts to well up, with that I have paranoia, I am occasionally get paranoid that no one loves me and they want to hurt me. I see a therapist every month or so. So I do talk to someone I take natrual meds and remedies for it. When I was on prescribed rx drugs I was like a robot my personality and soul was lost. I manage it most of the time, but sometimes it wells up. I am pregnant and I think sometimes the surge of hormones makes me extra nuts. Anyway I constantly think my husband doesn't love me or want me anymore he works construction and is gone almost all of the time. I feel ugly the bigger I get. He tells me I am beautiful all the time I don't believe him. I think he's cheating on me when he's gone and it scares me. I know I truly have no power if he was, I guess inside I think I would. It makes think terrible negative thoughts and have unwarranted anger towards him. I am tired of the emotionally roller coaster I feel at times. If I keep myself busy most of the time I don't even notice it. 
It is getting to be the holiday season and time is going by so fast.fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
I am currently on Cymbalta 40 mg for depression. My doctor suggested I try Sam-E 400mg every morning. Been on it a week and waking a little earlier than usual, a but more anxious, a little dizzy, and hands seem to shake a bit more. Anybody experience similar side effects. Most side effects I read about are rare. Not sure I am imagining it or not. Thanks
Hi All,Has anyone ever felt this way before? Depression can be so isolating.
Hope you all are having a good day.  Time for a new thread again.  I love the daily check in.fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
gp was not supportive about lyrica. isn't it funny that i had to end up using a scooter before anyone has mentioned pain relief. expletive em.
Good Morning this MondayThe average American kid will eat approximately 1.500 peanut butter sandwiches by high school graduation
f27, seen alice cooper in the 90's, he just came againbe well.
Good morning TimTam, Joyce, Pitmom and Lynnwood...fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Hi, my name is Rich.Also, I slept until noon today, it felt great, I had gotten up earlier and was depressed and scared.  I do not do well in the winter months, even though we don't have really cold weather here (I live in southeastern Texas).  I get psyched by gray or it being cold and dark when I get up in the morning.
Hi, my name is Rich.doxazosin, finasteride
had good skype with shrink yesterday. haven't got lamotrigine bloods back, however last i was way below efficacy so a 50mg increase. i spoke of wanting to meet my father, even though he some light rain. abondened me. mum alright in aged and bro getting sorted. i said to shrink i am not going to look for further employment, still do the uni, as i want to work on my path for a bit. he was supportive of this. and for the wheels as he has seen me drag my butt around on the stick. starting to thunder, we are just knocking on summers door, and we have had a big hot run for 9-10 days. real muggy, draining muggy.
My name is Eric, I'm 12 years old coming close to 13, but for a while now I have been feeling depressed but now I'm trying to get help, the reason I've been depressed is because of the kids at school, they would call me names and intenionaly try to get me mad, but it just hurts, and I want to get help but I'm afraid that if I tell someone that I'm battling depression that they might get up and run away.
Wondering if anybody has any experience with this type of procedure for major depression? They use a magnetic coil to your head and locate an area to stimulate neurons to activate neurotransmitters.
2018-where has the days gone!! the new yr is closefor the new yr that is fast upon us. ht.
be here. thx ht.
Hey,Any experiences of the antidepressants brintellix (Vortioxetine) for major depression? I’m so afraid of starting to take them, but i don’t want to feel this way of every morning waking up with no motivation for anything that the day brings me.
I think is ok in the realm of the forum. DX: reverse Trigeminal Neuralgia;Cluster headaches; Atypical face pain;Hemicrania Continua; raynauds;complex PTSD; recurring MDD,disassociative disorder;
I have to admit that my anxiety is getting in the way of getting things done.  I also have to admit that if I want to get through the  next week, I gotta put on my big-girl panties.So tired. Breathing deep.
sis rang yesterday severly distreesed. guardianthem on tv.
What can I say? First day and I'm kinda digging this stuff. Much more mellow than the AD That Must Not Be Named, and mental clarity is okay. Weird, but okay.This could be a winner for both me and my dry cleaner.
Good Morning everybody...
Maybe not &quot;heaven' per se, but at least heavenly!  
Good Morning everybody!!!  fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Yeah, I know. Mrs. F27 says the same thing. She's been medically retired for 10 years now, and, like you, would give her eye teeth to go back to the days when she actually had enough energy to do stuff. Suffice to say, I don't envy either of you your situations, but that doesn't stop me dreaming of ice cream. ;-)Be well, Lynnwood.
Hi, my name is Rich.  I know I need to get out of the house today and will do so in a little while.  My sister (who I live with) is really getting on my nerves.  She gets in these moods where she runs around the house fixing things and driving me crazy by asking me a lot of questions.  It's very annoying!  Especially when I am feeling depressed.doxazosin, finasteride
I had my daughter back in 2013. I began feeling really depressed after about
My GF and I have been together for almost 4 years. We were very loving and had some issues early on but in the year leading up to this we hadn't had any fights or issues. This past year has been extremely stressful for her due to a loved one dying, a lot of family fights/issues, and a stressful job. Things first got bad when her family member passed. I tried to comfort and see her as much as I could but had to go out of town for a week due to a previously scheduled work trip that I couldn't get out of. I come back to town and a week later she breaks up with me out of the nowhere saying how she's feelings stressed out and doesn't feel like I'm supporting her. me and wants me to be happy and I believe her when she says she's cutting everyone off for a while based on what I've heard but I'm still extremely hurt since I had just gotten over the initial breakup. It's to the point where I've started therapy now just to help my own depression. I know we need to have at some time of no contact while we both work on improving ourselves but I still want to talk to her at some point once we're both in a better place and try to work things out. Am I crazy for thinking that's possible?
Hi everyone I'm 17 and have been diagnosed with major depression and generalise anxiety because of a diseases I have had in the past. 
The forum has been pretty slow lately.  Maybe I should be happy because maybe that means that people are feeling good.  Though from past posts it seems, usually the holidays are hard.  fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
I posted in Crohn's too.  Thanks for letting us know F27.  She sure is dealing with a lot.  I hope she will be alright.  The holidays are tough enough as it is.  But adding everything else.  Like you said, it is way too much to deal with.fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Needing to feel I’m not alone. Feeling I don’t want to be here.
Hi. 
Hello Everyone.
Ah got it. Computer Happy holidays. Ht.
Hi, my name is Rich.doxazosin, finasteride
Hi Everybody, fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Bitter cold here but at least the wind has died down.  Not sure if I will be changing the lights on the arch for New Years but my partner bought me a new lighted sphere just in case.  My version of the 'Times Square Ball'.multiple surgeries for rotator cuff both shoulders with residual chronic impingement syndrome, ulnar nerve transposition, carpal tunnel release, multiple wrist surgeries, multiple herniated discs, tarlov cysts, whiplash, bursitis of hips, grade 5 right shoulder separation and torn labrum, ovarian cysts, fibroid tumors of the uterus
I'll be baking a ham on New Years Day.  Our 'family tradition'.multiple surgeries for rotator cuff both shoulders with residual chronic impingement syndrome, ulnar nerve transposition, carpal tunnel release, multiple wrist surgeries, multiple herniated discs, tarlov cysts, whiplash, bursitis of hips, grade 5 right shoulder separation and torn labrum, ovarian cysts, fibroid tumors of the uterus
Happy New Year everyone.multiple surgeries for rotator cuff both shoulders with residual chronic impingement syndrome, ulnar nerve transposition, carpal tunnel release, multiple wrist surgeries, multiple herniated discs, tarlov cysts, whiplash, bursitis of hips, grade 5 right shoulder separation and torn labrum, ovarian cysts, fibroid tumors of the uterus
Hello everyone, i'd like to start with an introduction. I met the love of my life more than a year ago. We met on an online dating site, I'm Mexican and he is Irish, we started talking on October 10th, 2016 and we had an online relationship for the following 5 months.
Hi AllNerdguy
Hello everybody. I posted before explaining why i am here and that my ex broke up with me cos the age difference. I'm having a really bad and dark time where i feel hopeless and without future, i don't wanna feel like that but i can't help it.i'm very very sad right now!
Hi! This is my first post to the forum.
I am so mortified and embarrassed and I don't know what to do.  I have been so busy working the two jobs, and i rushed Christmas shopping at the last minute.  I went to the store today to get some lunch meat and a little bit of food in the house....and my debit card declined.  I thought perhaps I am off ten dollars or so and looked up my balance on my cell.  Turns out, my bank account is in the negative because I bounced my Verizon payment.  With the exception of a few eggs, my fridge is empty.  Granted, my daughter is eighteen, but I need to feed her too.  And I don't have enough gas to get to work tomorrow morning.Anyway, I need to feed my daughter.  I can't ask my parents for more help....I've hit the help limit and I shouldn't be asking anyway.  I have no friends left to ask and I'd really rather not anyway.  I'm panicking.  I need to get to work tomorrow and I don't have gas!!!   Can anyone be logical and help calm me down....  I'm just in tears now!!   Cass
To everyone who is hurt and confused with a gf with depression or an ex gf who broke up with you die to depression, here are the things i personally observed and experienced. I also included here stuff i read off forums and articles on the net. May you find these useful. Use your head not your heart.
Hi, my name is Rich.doxazosin, finasteride
I'm stuck in this .. loop of misery, lack of motivation to change, and self-hate. what's going on. Putting it on paper or in a blog post somewhat separates me from it, gives me a new perspective. Anyway, thanks for listening.
Well, my second marriage only lasted a year and it was the worst and best thing for my life. I learned aboutMy love to all.
Hi. Sorry if this is in the wrong place. I was unsure of where else to post this as there's no forum for the type of cancer I'm concerned aboutThanks.
 DX: reverse Trigeminal Neuralgia;Cluster headaches; Atypical face pain;Hemicrania Continua; raynauds;complex PTSD; recurring MDD,disassociative disorder;
The following quote is from  Alexander deVaron. He teaches a monthly drop-in workshop at the University if Pennsylvania called &quot;Mindfulness and Song&quot;DX: reverse Trigeminal Neuralgia;Cluster headaches; Atypical face pain;Hemicrania Continua; raynauds;complex PTSD; recurring MDD,disassociative disorder;
Hello everyone, i have posted recently why i feel so depressed and sad. Last night i had a dream with my ex and we were so happy, we made love and he was telling me we were gonna married next April. When i woke up i couldn't help feeling so anxious and really sad, it was early in the morning and it took me some time to back to sleep again.Today is a bad day, i can't even be alone, i am with my family all the day cos i'm scared of being by my own.
Hello everybody, well first of i want to wish everybody happy new year and i hope you can achieve everything you want. i wish i could disappear.
As i have said it has been a really bad time recently, i wish things would be different in my life, my ex texted me tonight to wish me a Happy New Year, i will write exactly what he sent:Thank you all of you for being here even today, please help i feel i'm gonna breakdown in any moment
Hi everyone I have been on flouxtine for around 6 weeks nearly 7 and u have felt no difference at all I'm getting more and more hopeless everyday and I want this horrible feeling of depression to leave me!! I'm stressing out because I start year 12 soon and need to be better.
I was with my boyfriend (now ex I suppose) for nearly two years and we had an amazing relationship. We were that couple, the ones who couldn't get enough of each other and who serenaded each other in class and sent lengthy goodnight texts detailing why we loved the other each and every night. Let me start of by saying that he is not officially diagnosed with depression. However, I strongly believe that is what is going on for a few reasons: a.)
It's the New Year!!  Make it a happy one.Anyone?
Good morning everybody...fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
 Chocolate was used as medicine during the 18th century. It was believed that chocolate could cure a stomach ache
Lynnwood, I have a 'full spectrum' lamp that really helps me in winter.  Perhaps one would be useful for you, too.  I multiple surgeries for rotator cuff both shoulders with residual chronic impingement syndrome, ulnar nerve transposition, carpal tunnel release, multiple wrist surgeries, multiple herniated discs, tarlov cysts, whiplash, bursitis of hips, grade 5 right shoulder separation and torn labrum, ovarian cysts, fibroid tumors of the uterus
 The country with the highest consumption of candy at 29.5 pounds annually per person is Denmark
I hear you Lynnwood...  My husband use to do it when I was real sick with fibromyalgia.  I truly appreciated that.  I remember the first time I went by myself.  It was like a miracle...  I was so proud.  It takes me awhile because I put it off so long.  I have a lot of clothes to wash.  Oh well, at least it is done for a bit and I don't have to worry aboutfibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
I did it, I made your apple pie. Of course I bought the store bought crust & discovered its a pretty thick crust. I had too many apples, it was a very tall pie, lol. I am embarrassed to say it cooked for over an hour & the juices went all over. Good news is, the pie did not cook dry & we are enjoying it. Next time I will do this, I noticed the pie crust box has a recipe for apple pie & the temp to bake I think was 425. So, my next experiment I will use your recipe & increase the temp listed on the box, lol. Moderator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums
6 years ago my husband lost his son.  I expected that things were going to be difficult and was prepared for the grieving process, went to counselling with him, supported him when needed and was there as much as I could possibly be. is now starting to affect my health. He is sorry, he does everything he can for me but it doesn't last.  I am sorry for rambling. My head is pounding and I just don't know where to turn.
We are together for 4 months... at first i didn't knew that she has depression problems. Out first month was beautiful and after that... college happened for both  of us.Please help... i don't know what to do...
I am pretty sad today, i am having lots of anxiety. I still miss my ex and i would like to have my old life when i was so happyPlease i need help
Mom passed a few days agoJust wanted to let you know that I made it through and I'm ok.
Was wondering if anyone has any insights on how to amine dopamine? I think that if I can do this it would help me out a lot. I was wondering if anyone had success with any supplements?
First time here.  This may be therapy for me.  I don't expect answers.  But I need to do this.  I apologize for the length in advance.But that doesn't mean it doesn't hurt.  And it does.  Going forward feels like I'll just be going through the motions.  I don't like that at all.  I want my purpose back.  Even though my mind says it is not possible.  I love her.  I wish I didn't.
 Existential thought exercise of the day: would you completely excise your depression, knowing that you wouldn't be the same person afterward?
I NEED HELP WITH MY AUNT. SHES SUFFERING FROM DEPRESSION AND LIVES IN THIS WORLD WHERE ITS ALL about HER. ITS TO THE POINT NOW WHERE SHES LOSING HER MIND AND EVEN HAVING THOUGHTS OF SUICIDE, BUT CLAIMS SHE DOESNT HAVE A PROBLEM, WHEN SHE IS BRINGING ALL THE FAMILY MEMBERS AND OTHER FRIENDS INTO HER DRAMA AND PROBLEMS. ITS ALMOST LIKE BECAUSE SHE SUFFERS SHE WANTS TO BRING EVERYONE DOWN AND MAKE THEM FEEL THE PAIN SHES SUFFERING. PLEASE REACH OUT AND HELP I DONT KNOW WHAT OTHER CHOICE WE HAVE TO HELP HER.
Hello everyone,
Hi everyone, Any help is appreciated. Thank you!
I am depressed and feel like dying but I don't want to hurt myself by anything like cutting. I haven't been diagnosed because I don't want to tell anyone. I have been feeling depressed since my mom died by drug overdose 5 months ago, and this is my first time reaching out to anyone. I don't know what to do.
Hi, my name is Rich and I'm in a depressed mood.doxazosin, finasteride
My daughter (D) is currently taking a gap year after High School. Working full time and getting her life together for college next Fall. She started dating a boy from High School in the late summer.  
I am 19 years old, and I used to be addicted to caffeine...for aboutso I'm struggling to decide whether to drink coffee again to see if i feel better...but what if thats not what the depression is from? So i don't know. not only did i lose part of myself from not drinking it, i gained weight, lost motivation, got depression (questionable what caused this one), and really lost the ability to enjoy life..but on the bright side, i don't have to be addicted to something and drink it for the rest of my life to feel normal. But was it worth it? I also got GI digestive problems when i would drink it....so idk. Do you think I should go back to coffee/maybe on antidepressants/stay away from caffeine? What should I do? Im also in college and don't need it necessarily to keep me awake or anything.
Good Morning All...fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Karen, I saw something on FB aboutModerator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums
Hey, happy February everyone!No foxes in my yard either. #foxwatch2018
Yes Karen...~ Joyce
Ha Ha, Yea not being burned down sure would help with the biscuits.  fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
I lost my Mom in July 2016.  I have never recovered from it.  I live day to day with no happiness or joy.  Just picturing Mom in her coffin and visit her grave site a lot.  I know she isn't coming back.  She was my support.  I was dependent on her and now I have no one.  My psych doctor added Zoloft to my med list along with the bupropion I was already on.  It doesn't seem to be making any difference at all.  My Mom came home on a Saturday with hospice after spending a week in the hospital and finding out she had weeks to days to live.  I vaguely remember her being brought home.  I do not remember the Saturday afternoon, evening or Sunday during the day or night.  Evidently I fought everyone when they tried to pull me away from her.  I was told I just sat in her rocking chair next to her bed.  I do not remember any of it.  Evidently my sisters and brother finally got me to go downstairs and sleep.  Mom passed away 1 hour and 15 minutes after I went to bed.  I was not with her.  The only thing I remember is my brother coming downstairs and saying &quot;she's gone&quot;.  
A positive emotion is actually a state of mind where our brains are getting the message that things, moments, and situations in our lives are something good, beautiful, and worth living for.  Without that chemical message, then we cannot truly perceive things in our lives as being good, beautiful, and worth living for.  It would be no different than physical pain.  Just simply believing and thinking &quot;Ouch, this really hurts&quot; would not allow your brain to get that message of physical pain as long as that thought/belief did not make you feel any physical pain.  This means that us as depressed folk cannot live lives that have any real value or have anything positive because we have a mental illness that prevents us from feeling positive emotions.  We are not allowed to perceive anything in our lives as having any real beautiful value.  We might fool ourselves into believing otherwise, but this is nothing more than just a false belief.  It is just our human nature to delude ourselves.  Many people delude themselves from the cruel, hard truth that we just don't like to hear.  The truth is, values founded upon morals and intellect such as the helping of others during our worst times are not real values.  
I find myself judgin things and people a lot more than I care to admit. 
Hi, it. I don't know whom to share my problems so I looked for sites online and I found healingwell in one of the recommended sites.
  happy days
HiCurrent medication: Nortriptyline 50mg, Pregabalin 200mg & Esomeprazole 20mg
Hi everyone,
How closely related do you think that Depression and Anxiety are? This explains the topic fairly well:
Hi guys.  I'm a &quot;little&quot; bit freaked out tonight.  I had an emergency session today with my therapist.  For the past week and-a-half to two weeks I have been having serious anxiety that just never lets up.  The churning inside has made me feel like I was going insane as well as other things I can't expand on here.Thanks for listening.  Cass
Good Morning all.fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
 which in English means &quot;Saint Mary's Church in the hollow of white hazel near a rapid whirlpool and the Church of Saint Tysilio near the red cave.&quot;
Foxes. Here there every where, there was even one on the Benjamin Franklin parkway Friday night, helping the clean up crews!DX: reverse Trigeminal Neuralgia;Cluster headaches; Atypical face pain;Hemicrania Continua; raynauds;complex PTSD; recurring MDD,disassociative disorder;
Hi all. Checking in. My mood and anxiety was a bit better yesterday which was nice. I'm 7 days into venlafaxine and it feels like 7 months but I'm glad I can up the dose tomorrow. Hoping after a month I'm feeling somewhat better. Current medication: Pregabalin 100mg & Esomeprazole 20mg
Thanks, Myself.   it all, it doesn't have to be this way...  but it is.
Hello all.  I don't  want to make this too lengthy so I'll do my best. I used to be a regular around this site especially in the anxiety forum and chatrooms. Then I got married and  had a beautiful son and only sporadically  visit here ever since. Paige
Hi, I have spoken with my GP after weening off my last antidepressant and feeling like I'm regressing and he has suggested I start sertraline. I am a bit worried aboutCurrent medication: Pregabalin 100mg & Esomeprazole 20mg
 I recently started seeing a new psychiatrist and we are doing TMS. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.  I started my treatments last Friday and I will have daily treatments for 13 weeks.  I look forward to sharing my journey with you.
sigh-I'm feeling very blueI haven't gotten any sign from her that she's crossed over and is in the better place. I got a lot from my dad when he passed.
It bothers me that all my doctors list &quot;depression&quot; as one of my illnesses.  I don't feel depressed.Diagnosed with MS 2001.  Fibromyalgia, Graves Disease, IBS, Gastritis, Spondylosis, Degenerative Disc Disease, Sjogrens, Osteoarthritis, Osteoporosis, Tendonitis, Costochondritis.  All the autoimmune diseases are attacking me.  Taking the minimum of medications.
He's been on 20mg Prozac for abt 2 months. There was improvement in the 1st month, then it spiraled. Shrink increased him to 40mg. No improvement after a week. Waiting for results of genetic testing to see what meds are more likely to work. Not a good connection with the therapist so switching to another one.  I finally reached out to the school and informed his teachers as he keeps missing school. I think they will be very supportive and accommodating (we might do a 504 plan).I welcome any and all feedback
Hi everyone!Anissa
H everyone I'm 17 and have been taking lexapro for around 5 weeks, for the last week I have felt so much better and like myself. Today and yesterday I have gone down hill and feeling back to my old ways which is miserable. Is this normal ???!! if I bump up the dose will I feel better again
Hey, sorry if anything in this post seems overdramatic - I am a writer and like to craft beautiful phrases, even if their meanings aren't beautiful.
Over the last couple of weeks my mood has plummeted to rock bottom. I finished my AD beginning of Jan and was going to see if I needed another one or not. I couldn't get to a depression dose on it but it did help. Since this happened I started a new one a few days ago.As you can probably tell, my mind is going a mile a second at the moment.
Hi everyone. I don't know where else to post this. Last Wednesday rather abruptly my partner decided to divorce me. She has depression and has struggled with it since even before we met 4 years ago. Her depression triggered immensely over the holidays when we went to visit my family, understandably, because this is the first year she's had absolutely no family of her own. Backstory: she was only in contact with her grandmother and mom but this past April she cut of her grandma for racism and a few months ago she cut her mom off for continuously denouncing our relationship (we're an LGBT couple). She sited the holidays as the moment she fell out of love with me/lost attraction to me and doesn't realize that this is clearly due to her depression. She told me she wasn't willing to try anymore with me. Mind you, we haven't had any notable issues in almost a year. this. Has anyone else experienced relationships or breakups with someone struggling with alcoholism and depression? Can you relate at all and do you have a similar story? How did you get through it? Do you have any hopeful words or advice for me to cope? I really need help.
I am wondering how many of us (like me) have been on AD meds for a very long time and whether or not it is good to get off of them every several years just to see what is really happening in the brain?
Hello, I know I maybe should publish this in anxiety but I feel really overwhelmed by this too, so the point is that I haven't felt so good lately with my advances at my mental health issues, so I have an obsession with my breathing and if I'm ever stopping it to the point I die, but the real issue is when it combines with my fear of time, like what's going to happen the next hour, minute or even second, and if I'm going to suffocate within that time because of my breathing stopping being automatic or something, I've been to therapy but still don't feel at all good and I'm also on meds but they help a little not a lot, the hardest part of the day for me is the morning because if the two things mentioned above, it's the worst panic attacks, so I'm asking for some guidance or hope, because I don't know what else to do, I just feel lost and trapped with all of this and I'm only 17 which makes me feel like nothing, I've even considered even riskier treatmentsIf you read this, thank you very much.
Hello! so I recently started taking Mirtazapine, also known as Remeron. It's only been aboutAfter taking it, it makes me angry, it gives me tremors and leaves my body shaking. Ever since taking it, I've had a constant migraine and periods of dizziness. It's bad enough to the point where I get extremely nauseated and cannot make it through the school day. It makes me confused and overall unwell and I wanted to ask if anyone else taking it has been through similar things. I'm not sure if I'm having a really difficult time adjusting or if it really is the medication being bad for me.
Hey everybody...
Every extra thing I have bought in recent months have been linked to gardening.  Sad, but true.  I just ordered my insecticide concentrates.  Now--I only need to get compost and topsoil.  And rent a tiller.  **snort**  They till the spaces at my garden spot, but I want to get deeper.  I figured a rental tiller will be worth it in terms of pain avoided. 16 days!!Ulcerative Colitis 2003, Fibromyalgia DX 2005, Crohn's 2013, Enteropathic arthritis, 2013. Family History of Fibro--2 out of 3 siblings diagnosed.  Started SCD-June 2013.  *There are three kinds of people in the world: ones who see the glass as half-full, ones who see the glass as half-empty, and others who see a big crack in the side which is leaking all over their %$#@# foot
Sounds great on the car Myself.  You deserve it...  I hope you find one you love...fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Good news that your health has improved !~ Joyce.
Hi Myself.  Thank you.  He is doing a bit better.  I guess this is going to be a very slow process.fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
So the truth is I haven't been to the doctors and been diagnosed because I have just turned 16 and this has been going on for two years now and well I haven't exactly told my parents everything. I personally don't have a clue what is wrong with me, somedays I can be okay I can go aboutCan someone tell me straight up what they think is wrong with me because I have no clue and it's horrible? I just want someone to talk to and someone to understand how I feel.
Here is a quick interpretation of my battle with Anxiety and Depression:Thank you
I'm currently stuck living with my abusive mother and her boyfriend. I have no friends and there's nothing to do here. Every day here makes my body feel like it's rotting away and every night it feels like I'm being pushed closer to the edge. I've had breakdowns every single night for the past week and there are times when I'll just start bawling for no reason. anything to get out.
UgghHas anyone been through this?
Hi, my name is Rich,doxazosin, finasteride
Hi
Intersting study:==========================================================
Hello.im just really worried it will all drown me again... i know everybody is different but is this likely. can it come from nowhere? i have reached out to a lot of friends, which certainly helped, spring is around the corner, friends have booked me events so i have things to look forward to, but i still feel like life has no direction, i have no goals. does anybody have any advice. sorry if i sound whinging.
I am sure you've all experienced it. People tell you to just cheer up or quit acting sad, etc. Then on TV there is a murder mystery and they always say, &quot;so and so would have never killed himself, he was not a depressed person, he was full of life.&quot; Why is it that because we have depression that we are treated differently than somebody who has high blood pressure? Do they choose to have high blood pressure? Do we choose to be depressed? I am seeing a psychiatrist so now automatically I am &quot;unstable&quot; and if I wanted a gun permit I would have a hard time getting one. So I have no right to personal protection because I have depression. And then of course there's the people who say you're feeling sorry for yourself or trying to get attention.   I have made an ass out of myself so many times by crying when I didn't want to. I wish I could shut it off! Just being judged by people makes me want to withdraw even more.
this is really not much to complain aboutdoxazosin, finasteride
Errr. A lot on me head.At the library. Ht
Hi,Thank you so much.
Hello everyone, this is my first time joining a forum let alone any online tool for my depression. I'm in high school and will be entering college this or next year. Since my hospitalization a little more than a year ago, I've felt that I left some piece of me in the past. And I want it back, although, I understand that's not realistic. I was motivated and persevered through menial and complex work in hopes of becoming someone in the medical field. I loved school for the sake of knowledge. There was some sort of automation with my work ethic. Now, I don't feel anything towards those past goals and am giving up before I started, so it's very frustrating.P.S: I have a therapist, am taking medications (which have been agreed to not be adjusted).
Can a depressed person be obsessed with depression? And if so, what would that look like?- Shelley
I had been on 60mg of Prozac for 8 years and when a doctor wanted me to start getting off of it I was weary, I thought this drug had saved my life.  I weaned off of it rather quickly with little to no adverse effect and for aboutThank you
I am wondering what other people's experiences are, as I have talked to people that have had depression and they say they took their medicine and then felt a lot better, but I've never spoken to someone that had to deal with depression and chronic pain.Current medication: Duloxetine 60mg, Pregabalin 300mg & Esomeprazole 20mg
I’m at the point of my life now where I don’t feel like living anymore. I feel like I’m a lost cause after my girlfriend decided to call it off. It’s been months since things ended between us but I’m still not over her. Not by a long shot. Each day I just feel worse. I don’t think I will be able to recover from the grief. I just feel so depressed and lost.I still remember meeting her for the first time in that foreign dating event. She got my attention the moment we started talking. Since then, I’ve imagined a future with her. I thought that that was it. I already found the one. Turns out I was wrong. How do I move on? How do I forget someone whom I was already planning to share my life with? How??
So-I had to switch to medicaid.  No biggie, right?  Except--one of my medications could not be filled last week. I have been on Ambien since 2009.  I ran out this weekend. I was up and down last night all night.  I have been up since 4 am.  My head hurts, I feel sick to my stomach.  My body is in serious pain. I feel wobbly. Noise is getting to me--a siren just went past.  I tried to lay down after my morning classes.  No sleep.  I am  going to have to cancel my afternoon job--I cannot think well enough to edit.
Hello all, just wanted some advice on behalf of my mother. She suffers with COPD (stage 3) and with flare ups of colitis. She is very depressed but has told me there is no antidepressant that she can take with both illnesses that won’t either set off her colitis or counteract her COPD medication. I’m at a loss of what to suggest so thought I would see if anyone else had any experience of this?
Hello all. As a teacher, this is a tough topic and one that has also affected my personal life. If these topics upset you, don't watch but I'd appreciate your thoughts as well.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZY_rMOy34F4
Hi guys
Hello all
Hello all, I put this post on Cornibusbustia's fourm but I want to see if anyone has any advice for me.Before our first breakup he would go days without talking. My one stipulation was that he stop running and fight for us when we got back together. Yesterday was the first time he has given me total silence in a very long time. I feel so guilty, like I've destroyed everything, but most of all I just want to be heard.
So, do many of you have problems with slow thinking, memory and coming up with names with your depression??? I seem to have that issue. I hope it's just not an age thing. I've been on almost all antidepressants and now they are switching me to effexor. I am so tired of not being able to think!!!! I hope it helps. I used to take Pexeva but it's name brand and never went to generic, so I can't get it. I have rough side effects. Before I tried effexor and felt wonderful, no more GAD,  but I missed three days and had withdrawal. I am a little scared but desperate, so I think I am going to try it.  My mind worked very well with wellbutrin but it made me have muscle aches-Meds: plaquenil, synthroid, Zantac, restasis, estrogen patch, prometrium, VSL #3, evening primrose oil, Omega 3 supplement-Maxi Tears, L glutamine, Alpha Lipoic Acid, Co Q10.
My 23 yr old son lives across the country from me with his girlfriend.  She moved there with him almost 2 years ago.  My son has an alcohol problem and it hasn't gotten any better even after his DUI.  The girlfriend told me she is planning on leaving him in aboutReally thought we had a good chance of him going to rehab but with this job offer now I don't think he will.
Good morning all...fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Good morning everyone... The congregation is invited to attend this tragedy
I am glad your power is back on.  Have fun grocery shopping.  I need to go today too.  Not sure if I am.fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Hubby is using the cane because since he broke his ribs, he hasn't been as steady on his feet.  And the littlest jar makes his ribs hurt.  I think I mentioned his ribs on here.  I often forget to put things down.fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Hello all,
Let’s start off by saying that we have had a really good relationship. Always have been communicative and healthy. She even told me that “she prayed to God for someone like me “ and how happy I make her . We even talked about people liking me but I even showed proof that I swerved them . I have always been honest and tell her things right away.  I don’t know what to think?? Do depressed partners come back to you ?
I have been posting over at the anxiety forum, but thought to check here on this medication.  I started having anxiety after a recurring health issue that popped up this past January.  The anxiety went nuts, and before long I knew that something was off, and decided to get help  Zoloft didn't work for as it really caused insomnia which then caused more anxiety.  Anyway, I am now on day 3 of Effexor, 37.5 which I know is a small dose (after 3 concussions it was determined that I would be sensitive to medications, which I am).  I take this in the morning, but am sooooo spaced out and lethargic/unmotivated.  I am an engineer and can't be this way at work before things would fall apart there.  Just curious on the side effects, and how long they usually take to lessen.  I know everyone is different, but curious.  My guess is that I should also start taking this at night instead of the morning?  XR version by the way.......
My son has been diagnosed with depression, anxiety and suicidal ideation.  He is currently taking medication and meeting with a councilor.  He has been in inpatient after 2 ER visits for suicidal thoughts and possible suicidal attempt, (he was intercepted before he got home).  Last night he was very upset with me for not allowing him to stay the night at his friends house, it was a school night.  He said that he had been feeling depressed and suicidal and he felt that staying there would help him.
Hey gang, long time since I've been here but now is a time I seriously need some of your wonderful support.  I suffer from chronic moderate depression and panic/anxiety disorder.  I'm on a ton of depression/anxiety meds that do a pretty good job of keeping my emotions in check.  I do have what my shrink calls &quot;flat affect&quot; in that I pretty much don't exhibit my emotions outwardly.  I don't cry or break down when I'm sad and I don't roar with laughter when I'm happy.  Basically, I'm just numb.&quot;THE WEATHER IS HERE, I WISH YOU WERE BEAUTIFUL.&quot; -Jimmy Buffett
I want to start buhner protocol.I want a new doctor to test for bartonella and Lyme.My feet feel like they are asleep which tinctures and stuff should I take ? I am really broke and want to know what essential tinctures and pills I should buy ? Keep in mind I’m really broke so only essential ones please and also something to take away the numbness in my feet?Does anyone have any good doctors in Boston?
Hi all, I am currently going through what has been the worst bout I've ever experienced.
I have so many different jobs, I feel as if I am failing at many of them.  You have to test every shift for some testing.  I don't pass part of the time.  I have to do a review with a tutoring service to bring my work up to par.   I need to send my paperwork in for the foreign editing job--I just keep forgetting. The teaching work is fine--I am actually effective at that.I never, EVER let things be late.  Is it just the general wearing down of the enthusiasm of life?  I am not in danger or anything, just feeling a need to get back on the horse, even when I keep slipping off.
I have really bad anxiety, and I think I may have depression too. I know nobody on here can really diagnose me, but I want more people's input. I'm 14 years old, and every time I tell someone about
Quiet, in the sense that nobody in real life knows. Hell, I didn't know myself until my behaviourOn top of it all, I am completely at odds with myself. I'm always the problem everywhere I go. I have a wretched, painful, horrible disease, with emotions to match.
Yes, I think I prefer paper books, although there are times when a kindle is more convenient. 
I've read a lot aboutHelp!
Firstly, just to make clear I am not dismissing the practice of mindfulness. If it works for you or helps you even slightly, please carry on with it. PS: Hope I haven't depressed anyone. As depressed I am, I have no wish to drag anyone else down into this infernal hole with me.
Well NCOT,fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
It is a mushroom that was used in the 60's.  NYU has used it in Cancer patients to treat Depression ?
I got into it with my nephew tonight. He's 14 and a smart ass, know it all, punk. He doesn't listen to anybody and has no respect for anyone or anyone's property.
i posted here a while back. few of you might remember my story, and i want to thank the same few who took time to respond and support me while i was dealing with my then husband. me. it's heartbreaking to love someone who thinks nothing of you; who's indifferent to you. and i have no choice to move on to keep my children sane and happy.
 Thanks guys!
I would describe positive emotions as some  life force or flow of  energy within our conscious being.  This  life force makes us alive on the inside since it makes our whole entire reality perceived as beautiful, good, and worth living for.  In other words, it transforms our whole entire reality into something amazing, beautiful, and great.  No other mental state can do this.  All other mental states in of themselves are &quot;dead&quot; and &quot;empty&quot; since they do not do this.  
I know this is long, but I could use some advice.  what I should ask the psychiatrist? Can SSRIs help me? Or something else?
Man, I never thought I'd be one of the heartbroken posting on this board. Let me clear, it isn't actually a relationship we're talking aboutHugs n stuff.
Morning folks. I finally got my antibiotics - made an urgent appointment with the GP early this morning. I just pray that they work - I can't help being anxious about
Trina--I am sorry to hear of the marriage issues.  I have been there--but the marriage did not survive.  Your time together bodes well for success.Our internet activities play into a rotten attention span.  I used to be quite focused.  **sigh**
I don't remember you mentioning the water vole.  Are they big?  Some rats are big too.  Especially around the water.  fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
I get it. i wish you lived near by so you could come complain to me. I am like this every day personally. You don't need to apologize...Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day; teach a man to fish and he will eat for a lifetime; give a man religion and he will die praying for a fish
Hello, I am Dalia. 
Hello everybody,fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Saw the dermatologist yesterday...she biopsied 2 areas and is pretty sure they are both cancer.  We'll have to wait for the results and then make a treatment plan.  She also 'froze' 2 other areas and we will see how they respond.multiple surgeries for rotator cuff both shoulders with residual chronic impingement syndrome, ulnar nerve transposition, carpal tunnel release, multiple wrist surgeries, multiple herniated discs, tarlov cysts, whiplash, bursitis of hips, grade 5 right shoulder separation and torn labrum, ovarian cysts, fibroid tumors of the uterus
Wow aboutfibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
I am glad you got such a beautiful hibiscus Pitmom...  I love hearing aboutfibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Two poems popped out of me this week.  A depressing, what will mankind do type one.DX: reverse Trigeminal Neuralgia;Cluster headaches; Atypical face pain;Hemicrania Continua; raynauds;complex PTSD; recurring MDD,disassociative disorder;
Mom's been gone for 4 months and today is proving to be a tough dayHope my spirits lift before I have dinner with the kids later. Not that I would let it show.....
Anyone here taking Trazodone?  I've been taking it for over 15 years for sleep, 300 mg every night.
 I removed his name. I am understanding that we can't post his name anymore. I don't know if anybody emailed you or not. Either of his member names. I will lock this thread as it is at 101 posts. You are welcome to start another we just can't use his names. Maybe &quot;C&quot; or something. I don't know. 
 I've got no fond attachment left to life. I can't put any of your advice into action, I'm sorry, folks. The only thing keeping me going is the thought that I can't put my mum through this a second time. But yeah, it does really feel like there's not coming back from this; not just X, but all the other pain, illness and trauma of the past several years.
Holy crap, that muscovy duck has a freaky head: it's like it's half turkey, half duck.  I do like comedy, but comedy doesn't like me &gt;_&gt;. Nah, not really. But all the comedy I like seems to be at least 20 years old, partly because I'm too lazy to watch new stuff. I watched the first series of Extras recently: at least that's only 10 years old. If you enjoy dark humour, then there is a good chance you'd like Extras, as some of it is pitch black dark, particularly the Les Dennis episode. Anyway, it was a bit hit and miss for me, but the funny bits are very funny.
NCOT I think a job would be great for you. Sometimes through work you can find great friends, worst case at least you have interaction with folks. It keeps you busy and doing things, and money to do things with is never a bad thing.
Hmm, 100th post so I suppose this thread will be closed soon. So yeah. Have reached a rock bottom that I never thought I would reach and would gladly have climbed mountains to avoid. I have also discovered how unbearable loneliness can get. Still struggling with that one. The concept of self-love doesn't mean a lot to me and isn't something I can subscribe to: love, for me, has to be reciprocal to mean anything. Perhaps one day I will find that reciprocal love - it's the only thing I want out of life, really.
So I’m 30 years old and I’ve been dealing with anxiety and depression since I was a young child.. me hubby and our 4 kids soon to be 5 (12 weeks pregnant) recently moved from Pennsylvania at the end of November to Florida. I’ve wanted this forever because in PA the weather is so gloomy there’s not much to do.. I was never motivated enough..I just I thought it had a lot to do with where I lived causing my depression.. now I’m even more depressed being so far from family and out of my element.. it just doesn’t feel like home here what so ever.. I’m not happy I’m not comfortable I miss family and friends like no other. They come and visit quite often, but just the fact that I’m not close to them and can’t see them whenever I want.. they can’t stop over whenever and I can’t stop over whenever.. family parties.. birthday parties.. holidays.. nothing is the same and I want to go back home. Hubby doesn’t want to go back and neither does our kids. They love it here.. I mean it’s beautiful it’s paradise and we can always visit and they can too but.. I just want to go back home where it FEELS like home. My sister moves all around and it doesn’t even phase her.. she could careless.. how!? Has anyone been through this? What did you do?☹️ Feeling so sad! And the depression is so much worse now..😞
hi everyone, im 17 years old and been dealing with up and downs moods for 3 years now. i have tried three different antidepressants which are pristq, flouxtine and im currently on lexapro. i will have a depressed mood for around a week and then only one good day where im feeling myself. nothing is working and im really scared as no one knows whats wrong with me. its getting worst now as it lasts for 2 weeks
I was diagnosed with ibs in 2016 and I have to use SSRI'S or else I suffer super strong chronic abdominal pain and all kinds of weird symptoms.
So, I teach English online, starting at 7 AM (or 6 AM in daylight savings.).  I am working mostly with small children.  My BF complains that I am loud.  I wake him up.  I try to be quieter.  But, really, how quiet can I be?  I have to speak for 50 minutes.   these.
Hi, I'm Rich and i struggle with depression sometimes.doxazosin, finasteride
I was given a scriptI have to cross posted this on the depression board in case someone wants to follow.  There might be other's posting there but not here.
I want to wish you all a happy and safe Memorial weekend.  fibromyalgia, Chronic fatigue, depression, allergies
Hi,Thanks
Hi who ever is reading this,Thanks Leti
So, it's been a struggle to be me for 22 years or so. For unknown reasons, around 1996, the depression kicked in. Hm, &quot;chemical imbalance&quot; I guess. Score.
Having a really hard time with depression. It’s the he point I literally feel ill with no energy and can’t get out of bed.. I’ve been checked so many times for so many things and it’s not an underlying issue.. it’s depression. What do you do when you literally feel ill and cannot push through? I have other things going on  as well that aren’t helping the depression, but making it worse (such as anxiety, moved away from family to a different state for reasons I thought would help my depression, but made it worse, hard time eating/swallowing and doctors say it’s allergies and silent reflux, but i don’t really know, & more). I’ve had depression since I was 15 and I’m now 30 and it’s a never ending battle everyday & I can’t seem to get better. I just don’t know what to do anymore I feel like I can’t oush forward anymore.. like I’m getting nowhere fast?
Hello, first off I apologize for the bad grammar.
Yesterday was the Arts Festival in my town--alongside the canal project wending through downtown.**sigh**
Hi,Thank you.
The thing I hate aboutdoxazosin, finasteride
Hello. And thank you for adding. I have so many problems going on at once. My depression and anxiety is making it literally impossible to function. I feel like the worlds worst mom because it’s made me isolate so bad. I don’t want to go anywhere and when I do I pretty much just freak out and count down the minutes till I’m home. I’ve tried to seek help. One time they locked me up saying it was voluntary and it wasn’t. I had a whole new set of things to make me depressed after that and it took months for me to seek help again. When I did the doctor I had was so mean. And the counselor they gave me was quitting. I just don’t know what I can do to help myself. I do everything I can. The typical things such as reading, coloring, journals, crafts, meditation and yoga just haven’t been helpful. Some stressor just always hits. I feel like I’m running uphill with roller skates.
Hi everyone I'm trying my 4th antidepressant as none have worked for me 😭😭 I'm in the worst state right now. 16 years old
Hi, folks.
Depression has gotten so bad I have no energy and feel very ill. What has worked for you to feel better? Anxiety has also been so bad, horrible migraines, having trouble eating which sends me into a deeper depression..can’t sleep.. feel so alone. The psychiatrists around here don’t take my insurance and the ones who do aren’t accepting new patients. I moved from Pennsylvania to Florida in November thinking it would help my overall well being including anxiety and depression and that was a fail.. it became worse. Now I’m away from friends & family and I think I want to just go back home if I don’t get or feel better soon. Like I’m in pain all the time and can’t get out of bed. Literally NO energy. What has helped you the most if you went through not being able to get out of bed due to no energy from depression? Thanks.
I have been on cymbalta now for 5 days with headache and dry mouth.&nbsp; Can you take advil when you are on cymbalta?
Welcome lps, Sorry you are having headaches with the Cymbalta.  Only side effect I have is DRY MOUTH and I mean DRY!  I have to carry bottled water in my purse at all times.  I get so dry that I cannot even speak sometimes, for my tongue is stuck at the roof of my mouth.  Other than that Cymbalta is my best friend these days.  Best to you, lps.  God bless!!!!
&nbsp;Hello, I have been on Effexor XR for about 5 yrs. now and it helped so much in the early years. Lately, for the past year, it seems I have breakthrough depression more and more often. My doctor says he has not heard of Effexor becoming ineffective, but I know it is. What can I do, switch medications? Help!


&nbsp; Thank you again..I naively thought that I had found a miracle cure for my years and years of depression and now with the Effexor not working, I wonder if other drugs will lose their effect eventually, too. This is not good!
I have a friend who has been on Wellbutrin for almost six years and she said it has worked well for her - I believe she is on 150 and has no sexual side effects from it. I have also thought aboutAlso..are you getting enough exercise..at least 15-30 minutes a day? Are you able to get outside? Sometimes just getting some Vitamin D (sunshine) every day works wonders for anxiety and depression. Do you take multivitamins with Vitamin B6, Folic Acid and Vitamin B12? I take Centrum and have found this very helpful along with eating yogurt, seeds, nuts, strawberries and bananas (mood boosters). Also fish, such as Salmon, Tuna Fish, Mackeral, etc are also very good for depression..I take (Omega-3) Cod Liver oil (lemon flavored - pleasant taste) - a teaspoon every night and that has also been helping a lot. These vitamins (Folate, Vitamin B6 and B12) are very good for depression. Have you had your thyroid checked? Sometimes a sluggish or underactive thyroid can cause depression and fatigue as well. A simple blood test at your doctors office can tell you if you have thyroid problems.
Hi Nutmeg,
I was on Effexor 225mg for ages prescribed by my General Practitioner and noticed a decline in my mental health so I took myself off to the Psychiatrist instead;thinking that he would change my medication or up the Effexor he changed my diagnosis!! I have Attention Deficit Disorder and have been put on Dexamphetamine 5mg.One day we'll get it right
Hi sweeter, Wow that is alot of Effexor!&nbsp; I have worked in the mental health field and am familiar with these meds, the diagnosis process and working with psychiatrists.&nbsp; Also working on getting my masters in psychology.&nbsp; I too take Effexor XR but only 225mg for depression.&nbsp; Granted there are people who are drug resistant but in my own opinion I dont think that adding more and more drugs are a safe choice.&nbsp; Especially, in the long run for his body...chemically speaking.&nbsp; But I am not a doctor...I can very much see where all of this is scarey for you and your family.&nbsp; I dont know if you saw this post last week or not but perhaps it will help you...I dont know?&nbsp; I am going to post the link for you below another member wrote about it and maybe it would be something that can help...I hope.&nbsp; Let us know.&nbsp; Take care
Hi, Els,
I have been on effexor xr for about 4yrs now. I have general anxiety disorder along with depression. The meds were working great until a few months ago. I can tell my depression has started reading its ugly head alot and my anxiety is very high. I constantly feel like I am running away on the inside. I don't know why my meds are no longer working like they once were. Does anyone have any suggestions or advice on my problem?
Hi everyone,
Hi Dave,
Hey Dave, 

I think depression, especially if it's clinical/chronic depression, can be very similar to our UC in that it will rear its ugly head from time to time, sometimes for only a week or two, sometimes for so long we can't even remember what it's like to be happy. Occaisionally it goes into hiding and right when we think we're past it, all of a sudden it comes up again seemingly out of nowhere like a hurricane happening in the middle of a beautiful summer day. 

Elisha, 
Just to warn you, those books are not &quot;easy reads&quot;.  It's the type you read with a highlighter in hand.  I had to also read &quot;light&quot; books on and off with them just to digest the information.
Elisha,
Hi Dave -It sounds like you've already received a ton of great info.  I just wanted to briefly touch upon one of your initial questions concerning &quot;positive mental thinking&quot;.  While I agree cultivating a positive outlook can be extremely beneficial, it's not always appropriate.  I mean sometimes it's appropriate to be mad or sad or angry and I think by &quot;putting on a happy face&quot; all the time and ignoring important internal or external signals can be potentially harmful.  To me it seems like it's more important to critically analyze what we're thinking and why to make sure (we as depressed individuals) are correctly interpreting that information and acting appropriately.  Because, sometimes it is very appropriate to say exactly what we think (even if it's not particularly pleasant) and other times it isn't.
Thanks Lyn,
Yes you are a great guy and you remind me of that oldies song &quot; 

 


those who do not have it!!!!&nbsp; Hi, my name is Nancy, and I'm glad I found you here!&nbsp; I was diagnosed with type 2, three years ago.&nbsp; I was told I could control it with diet.&nbsp; But....it has gotton worse, and I guess I haven't done as I should have.&nbsp; Last mnonth I was hospitalized with a serious eye infection.&nbsp; I was told that my diabetes needed medicine, and I was put on insulin, and metformin while in the hospitasl, along with very agressive antibiotics, and steroids.&nbsp; I was given Metformin pills upon leaving the hospital, along with two other unrelated drugs.&nbsp; Broke out with a major case of hives, and was told that i should discontinue all drugs.&nbsp; I see my doctor, after my three month blood test, on the 29th.&nbsp; I used to have a fasting range of never over 160.&nbsp; Tonight before dinner it was 285!&nbsp; I have had nothing but proteins today, with the exception of a couple of handfuls of pretzels maybe two hours before I tested.&nbsp; I'm in a quandry as to what I should do.&nbsp; Apparently I am not able to control this with diet, and I'm afraid of the Metformin. I do hope for some feedback.&nbsp; Thanks!&nbsp; Nancy

Nancy,I understand you not discussing your DM with anyone... because when you do it becomes more real... I've probably had it for about 25 years and was only diagnosed about 6 years ago. It has taken me quite a time to come to terms with my disease and I still have some days when I just think, &quot;I hate this @#$%^&* disease!&quot; You may find that you have to go through a grieving process for your lost 'normal heath'. I had to get over my anger over the numbers on my blood meter and having to watch every little thing I put in my mouth. Check with your doctor and see if there is a local support group or diabetes education clinic in your area. These are usually connected with a local hospital. Or you could call the local diabetes association office or your health department...  If there isn't a support group you could start one. Heaven knows enough of us baby boomers have it so you shouldn't have any trouble getting members. Usually the local newspaper will let you run a notice of a meeting for free in the community news section. Then when you have a group, meet at a local church and invite different doctors, health educators, fitness experts, nutritionists to be guest speakers once a month.  Before you know it you will have some friends with similar problems and you can brainstorm ways to help yourselves.  Hope this helps. ~Jeannie
&nbsp;

Have your friend call his local heath department. Look in the phone book under county health department. He should ask them about doctors who take low income patients. If that does not work call Catholic Social Services of your area. (The local Catholic church should have the number for you.) You do not have to be Catholic. You just must be a person who needs help. They will send you to the  agency that will help your friend. I hope this helps. Your friend should get his eye looked at. It could be allergies or it could be an infection. I send my best wishes.  ~Jeannie
Hi all,&nbsp; 

Hi,              Countrygal
Hello all!
Welcome to the Forum Missy, since cortisone is a steroid your blood sugar will definitely be higher while it's in your system.&nbsp; How much it affects it depends on the severity of diabetes so it varies from patient to patient, which is why people on medication have to test and adjust their meds for this rise.&nbsp; I understand that the cortisone levels will decrease slowly (and you had two shots so it would be longer than if you'd had one obviously) but you need to keep testing until it goes down to the levels the blood sugar was before.&nbsp; I don't know why you can't take your BP medicine.&nbsp; Did the doctor tell you not to?&nbsp; Be sure you talk to the doctor/nurse.

Gee Missy, what a situation.&nbsp; Well, to help keep the blood sugar down, stay away from white food (bread, cereal, rice, potatoes, pasta) and concentrate more on other vegetables.&nbsp; Proteins like meat, chicken and fish won't bother the blood sugar, so you can eat nicely with all that and salads but no bread!&nbsp; Let us know how it's going.
I'm also allergic to aspirin but I have terrible joint pain and herniated disks in my neck and back.http://www.drugs.com/mtm/feldene.html
Hi Diane,I guess it depends on the brand.  Ensure is high in carbs but others may not be.  They had told me to abstain from carbs as much as possible for the time being.  I have a follow up tomorrow and I will ask and get back to you.   I don't plan on getting any more injections unless I absolutely have to.  If I do, I will only have them give one shot at a time.  I think for me, it was just too much at one time.
Evening Diane,

 
What a coincidence that I also got a cortisone shot last Monday, March 30th. I had already messed up my hba1c during the last year, but this shot made a complete mess of by blood glucose. One day before lunch, my blood glucose meter greeted me with a HI... not too good when that happens, huh? the same 10 UI for each meal while at the same I'm avoiding even more carbs. I think I'm slowly getting a control of it, or the effect is wading down, but I'm still sweating all the time even if my blood glucose was on the target.

Hello everyone,
CG, are you a type 1, or a type 2?  Are you trying to lose weight?  My answer would be different based on your answers.  Whatever the case, here are a few hints:Scrappy
One thing I have found to help the hunger thing is this. Buy 8oz. blocks of part skim motzarella cheese. Open them and cut into 8 equal size blocks. Keep in a zip lock bag. Purchase a tin of peanuts. It's ok if they have the oil on them instead of dry roasted. When you're really hungry have one block of the cheese along with 18 peanuts. Chew them up well. Follow with a big glass of water. Within 15 minutes your hunger should be gone and will stay gone for about 2 hrs.  Both of these items are low on the glycemic index and pretty low in carbs overall. Both have some protein but not too much. The best thing is the fat. Fat doesn't affect blood sugar but it does make us feel satisfied. The fat in the peanuts is monosaturated fat and actually good for you. Give it a try and see if it helps.

Hello . . . new to the Diabetes Forum but have been with the Lupus and Alzheimers Forums for a couple months.
Countrygal and others  BEWARE. . . Jane W. is spamming the forum with a similar message . . . she has done at least four this morning!!
Your welcome!
Hi all, I recently got a job as a nanny for a 9 year old and a 13 year old.&nbsp; The 9 year old was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes about a year and a half ago.&nbsp; She can give her own shots and everything but I just have a small question.&nbsp; If I were to give her a piece of gum, a tic-tac, or any other small piece of candy like that would she need to check her blood sugar level?&nbsp; or would it not affect anything because it's so small?&nbsp; Would it be best just not to offer any candy to her or her brother?&nbsp; Any other tips would be helpful...thank you.
I have done everything I can think of and every morning I run between 250 - 400!!!
Hi Pin Cushion.&nbsp; First, when do you take your Lantus?&nbsp; Part of your high am reading may be due to the Lantus not lasting for the entire 24 hours.&nbsp; I know of many people who have a problem with it.&nbsp; Most of them go to a split dose, taking part of their dose in the morning, and the rest in the evening.&nbsp; They have better morning readings that way.
OK that is something I havent tried yet, spilting the dose.
Well so far, it hasnt helped, still having the morning highs. I am taking 20 units in am and again in pm. But will try foing some adjusting and see what happens.
Pin Cushion, are you seeing an CDE or an endo about this?  Also, do you occasionally get up a few times in the night to check your bgs?  What I'm wondering is if your bgs are normal during the first part of the night and then going high at about 3 or 4 am, or if are you going low during the night and then going high because of it?  You may have the Symogi effect, the Dawn Phenomenon or a combination of the two.  It will make a difference in how you approach dealing with the high am bgs.Scrappy
In July of 2008, I was a 54 year old male weighing in at 208 pounds with a family history of high blood pressure, heart disease and diabetes.  I was taking Norvasc for high blood pressure but other than that, no symptoms of anything malicious except aging ;-)  I reported some minor symptoms (fatigue mainly) to my doctor who ordered my first A1c test (a 3 month average of blood glucose levels).  The results were not good --
Any pumpers out there have trouble when your reservior is low?&nbsp; It seems my sugars get high at the end my reservior.&nbsp; Is it because the insulin has been warm too long or because there isn't enough pressure in the bottle to give the full bolus?

I just had surgery on Thursday to check for uterine cancer.&nbsp; The nurse took my blood sugar level because I told her I am hypoglycemic...dx in 2001.&nbsp; My fasting level was 108 and the nurse was quite concerned and told me to keep an eye on my levels because of maybe being pre-diabetic at that level after fasting.



SacredHeart,
I, too, have gained about the 127 fasting level??


Thanks, Scrappy for your feed back. I have never been on steroids, but have been told that I most likly have Lupus along with the hypoglycemic. I guess that I'll just try to eat healthier, and exercise more. I have two kids and a husband that loves to eat, so that makes it hard to eat fish, chicken and lots of vegs. Oh well!! Anyone else with any thoughts of being Hypoglycemic?  Thanks, again. Unsure
My son was 2 yrs. old when we found out he was hypoglycemia. He was at school when he had the attack. His eyes rolled back in his head and slip into coma. He was like that for a week. His blood sugar was 6. Has a infant he did have partial seizure. At the age is 12 is when he started with the grand mal seizures. The partial seizures start before anything. Do you think the seizure had anything to do with the blood sugar? We test his blood 3 times a day. He is taking 3 meds for his seizurestrileptal,keprra, and zonegran. His WBC has been real low (2.5). We got to see a hemelogy doctor tomorrow. Hopefully he can shed some light on this.
&nbsp; Hi&nbsp; I have a hard time talking about myself but I have become very depressed lately. I have some neuropathy in my feet and sometimes at night my feet get painful spasms like a charliehorse. MY DOCTORS ARE AWARE but evidently not much can be done. I have been told I have good circulation to my feet though. I am type2 diabetic for about 14 years, I am 56 years old. People who don,t have diabetes really don,t understand. I always had a tremendous love of life but now I really feel my body is giving up on me and sometimes I also feel like givng up. Ijust started taking insulin 3 months ago. My gl have been in pretty good control but am having problems in am. I'm told it's probably related to release of Cortisol in a.m. It's strange but I feel really guilty for feeling so depressed. I know that so many other people are dealing with much worse but it doesn't make me feel any better. Sorry , I feel like I'm ranting on but there is no one who understands what I'm feeling. Sometimes it's so overwhelming. Whoever is listening thanks.
My mom is a diabetic, she has been for several years now but has never been good about testing her sugar. So I bought her the monitor that you can test your arm with but she's unable to get any blood from her arm. Has anyone got any tidbits that I can pass on to her. She was put on insulin Wednesday and it's imperative that she tests, as you all well know. But if it hurts her she's not likely to test and she's to the point all her fingers hurt. Suggestions/advice please?? Thanx  ~T~
HI everyone,
Congrats!   You sound like you fit the bill. I usually post on the heart board but I just found out I might have onset diabetes. If so, I'll be here often.
Thanks Vinny,
On every board here I see lots of complaints about our Doctors, mostly on how they don't listen to us, or all they want to do is lecture us    , etc...
My doc is the wife of my original doctor. She is thorough, inventive, very up to snuff on all the latest info on everything, kind and intelligent. She expects a certain amount of cooperation from me and knows that the only person in charge of my healthcare is me. I knew she was going to be great when she ordered my first blood tests. She automatically orders a copy to be sent to the patient... She says, &quot;It's your results... How can you make informed decisions about your lifestyle if you don't know your test results?&quot; She makes me return every three to four months and monitors all my meds with appropriate testing for liver and kidney problems. In short... She is awesome.
I find out at the end of the month if I have type 2 diabetes and I might have to check my blood sugar (as I'm sure most of you do). Have done some research on monitors and of course each manufacture says theirs is the best. But I knew where to go. Right here. What monitor do you use and why? Thanks for the help.
I've been searching up and down for a good diabetes forum on the internet where I can vent my frustrations.  I don't know if this place counts, but I'm going to vent anyway.Can you see my frustration?  I'm not sure my words are getting it across properly.  Incase you don't: AHHHHHH!!!!
I am a 33yr old female 5'4 177 lbs with a family history of diabetes. I had justational diabetes with my last pregnecy 3 years ago. I decided to ask my ob/gyn at my yearly visit to send me for diabetes test. So ... I went & my 12 hour fasting was 107. Although not diabetes , they wanted me to follow up with my family doctor. I have since made an appt for next Friday but have since started the weight watchers program and started testing my sugar with an at home meter. The results for so far are listed below. Fasting 11hrs. 106, fasting 12 hrs. 86 , 1hr after meal 137, 2hr after meal 98. Next morning 11 hr fasting 113 , 12 hr fasting 121I am getting extremely stressed out. Why are my morning levels so off and the rest of the day is fine. I need some advice. I also wasn't feeling well last few days. Temp of 99.1 but otherwise fine since but extremely anxious and nervous. Thanks
Hello all!&nbsp; I am new here, but I am really xcited to get involved.&nbsp; My question has to do with a show I am currently directing.&nbsp; I am directing "Steele Magnolias"&nbsp; coming up here in the end of March.&nbsp; Today, I realized that I do not know enough about insulin shock.&nbsp; In the first scene, Shelby, goes into insulin shock on the day of her wedding.&nbsp; I was giving her suggestions of wht kinds of things she should be doing....shaking, getting hot, weakness, change in character...I really would love some help!&nbsp; What does somebody in insulin shock "look like"?&nbsp; What do they do?&nbsp; Thank you for your help!!!
As a newly diagnosed persona and also new here, I would like to "squeeze" your brains.&nbsp; I need some hope, everything on here is pretty bummie.&nbsp; I realize that this is a life-long struggle with this disease and that it is not easy.&nbsp; However, have any of you succeeded in leveling off your sugar levels?&nbsp; I am on Metformin and my BG with my monitor has been pretty close to 200 for 3 mornings straight.&nbsp; I have really been scared to death to eat much more than very little.&nbsp; I will be going to information classes soon.&nbsp; Can you give me a quick guide on what foods you can eat that will NOT jump your levels?&nbsp; Can I eat popcorn, dirnk diet pepsi?&nbsp; Use SPlenda?&nbsp; I have looked for a LIST of YES foods and NO foods - is that be too simple minded?&nbsp; I find I am very depressed about this situation.&nbsp; I weigh 225 lbs.&nbsp; I have no side affects of diabetes other than my sugar level being elevated.&nbsp; I was 256 at the doctors office.&nbsp; I am drinking Glucerna for lunch and find it quite satisfying and having a small bowl of cereal for breakfast.&nbsp; Dinner I am eating just a little.&nbsp; Taking a multiple vitamin, Vitamin 12B, and Metformin.&nbsp; So far I have no side affects from the Metformin, but I understand that that may take a while.&nbsp; Can you all be so kind as to UPLIFT me?&nbsp; Give me some ideas on foods.&nbsp; Thanks so much for your input.

I am borderline diabetic, as my typical fasting glucose in the morning is 115-125.  However, I began taking just 1000mg of L- arginine recently for my heart and now my morning readings have been 101-104.  I've read coflicting info on the web...some say L arginine will raise glucose levels and others say it works to help the cells absorb the blood glucose and thus lowers blood glucose levels.  
I am not on meds but consider myself a candidate for pre-diabetes.  I have to carefully monitor my diet to keep my fasting blood sugar levels from rising.  I noticed that since taking Gymnema sylvestre my fasting levels dropped from 100-115 to 88-94.  
Hello, im a new to the this board.&nbsp; I am trying to find out if any one on the diabetes forum have high blood pressure and what works for them.
I've found that exercise and less salt helps but the best thing I found was called 'Baby Breathing'.  I read about it in Reader's Digest. I got my bp down to 122/82. If you watch a sleeping infant breathe while lying on his back you will see the correct way to get the best air exchange in your lungs. Filling the lower lobes of your lungs will increase your oxygen levels, affects your parasympathetic system (don't know why) and helps lower your bp. I don't know why this works, but my doctor was so impressed he asked me for a copy of the article.
Hi everyone: 
You should call your doctor asap and tell them what her BG readings are.
Being overweight is only one of the causes of Type 2 diabetes.  It definately increases your risk.  I am sorry my knowledge of juvenille diabetes is quite limited.
I'm new to all this, my husband just found out he is a diabetic, we have two small children and we eat a meal as a family just about every night, i just need to know what to cook and serve now, we are being supportive and not going to let him do it alone. I hope you guys can give me as much information as possible, ty
I suggest STEVIA as a sweetener.  It is all natural (leaf extract), it has zero carbs and it tastes great in any kind of pie, or home-made treat.  Any natural market store would carry it.

I had  similar problem ,I thought  my BS is going dowm, but not it was 100-120 range, after some research I found taking more water reduce this symptoms. It worked well. Try but check the BS if it is 90+ try
my diabetes was diagnosed in 1989 and came as a surprise, no one had expected it, it was initally badly managed by the wrong yablets and a leading diabetes specialist wanted to put me on insulin, fortunately I saw another specialist who realised I was insulin resistant and actually was making more than enough insulin, but couldnt use it properly, he changed my tablets and I managed OK for about 10 years, although always overweightI have vert  minor diabetic eye damage and no foot damage, I often walk barefoot on the beach which stimulates the blood circulation in my feet, despite again being told not to
I understand what you're saying about the atkins diet, I just can't live on it. Been there, done that... went bonkers without my carrots, squash and fruits and my cholesterol went thru the roof. Glad it's working for you.
Hello all, I don't have diabetes but I know of a young girl who does.  I am familiar with healingwell.com because I have Crohn's and hang out at the Crohn's message board.  Anyways, this young girl is having problems with school and the school is not letting her leave in the middle of class to go the the nurses office to take her medicine if she needs it.  Now I am familiar with a 504 form because school aged children with Crohn's can file one with the school should they have to leave in the middle of class to use the restroom.  I was wondering if this form would be helpful for this young girl or if anyone here had a suggestion I could pass onto her.  I did provide her with a link to this website so she could get questions answered.  Any information would be helpful at all.  It just doesn't seem right that the school can prohibit her from getting her medicine.
Hello,
hi Tiramisu, I've been type 1 diabetic just about 24 years, since i was one.  My periods are very irregular too and always have been.  They didn't start until I was 14 and they never come in 28 days, usually more like 50 to 70 days. Most people think i'm lucky! lol.  I was told that they would become more regular after having kids, but it hasn't made any difference.  I can usually tell though when it is coming because my sugars go up around a week before i start.  I also had a problem with birth control.  My doctor's all said i'm fine too, so if your docs think it's okay, then i'm sure there is nothing to worry about.
Howdy! I just joined this site the other day. I have had diabetes since I was 17 (now 22). I also have IBS (newly diagnosed). Anyways, I take Metformin ER 500mg and Prandin 2mg. This is my problem, I have a super hard time taking the meds. I can swallow 'em just fine. It's the "getting myself to do it" part. I want to live a normal life, but can't accept I have diabetes. Any ideas or suggestions would be great.
Hey there....Well I know exactly how you feel, but you MUST stay positive. This is something we must face and being on meds is sooooo much better than taking shots. If the day were to come that you would have to take insulin too, you must and live on. I have lived with this for sooo long and still go through my depressed and denial periods a lot like you. I want to live an UNRESTRICTED life as well. I was able to have a beautiful daughter, get married, and all that fun stuff, but you must have positivity. Please take your meds. How about you set an alarm watch? After a while, you will get used to it. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask...
&nbsp;

I have been a diabetic for the last 15 years. I am currently taking Avandia 4mg and Glyburide 2mg in the am and Glyburide 2mg. and Nexium 20mg. in the pm. My hemoglobin A1c has been around 6.5. Have recently started having problems with abdomnal distension/discomfort, diabetic neuropathy in both legs, discomfort in the vicinity of my liver (?hepatic congestion), and shortness of breath with exertion. I am 5 foot 8inches tall and weigh 184 pounds. I am sensitive to many medications including aspirin, beta blockers, calcium channel blockers, and all of the current drugs which are used to lower cholesterol. I have been in the field of Cardiology for the past 39 years and know full well the complications related to diabetes. However I am more than dismayed with the recent negative reports on two of my medications. It seems that there are many negatives to Avandia and these seem to be even more so with continued long term use. A class action suit is now in the makings for this drug. Just heard that New England Journal of Medicine has reported that Nexium which is supposted to be such a God send when it comes to GERDS and is also supposed to aid in healing in the cells in the area of the esophageal reflux (actually heard the add on TV while typing this) is now being reported as a related cause in esophageal cancer and pancreatic cancer. This reported increase is related to the patients on this drug long term. Recommended use of Nexium is currently 6-12 months and no longer do to the new information. So now what do you do in my situation. Why is it that patients are spending over 100 billion dollars a year for chemical answers to their diseases. In the history of man, there have been more natural alternatives. Why are we not persuing these avenues and doing away with the toxic effects of chemicals and also the related serious complications and even deaths? 

I have heard many different stories of how soon after they went o diet and exercise program, but the most consistant one is a few weeks if you are committed to it.
leafs,
I've been type 1 for about 10 years now, and have been on a sliding scale of humalog 3 times a day, with 6 units of humulin ultralente twice a day. The problem is that lately i've been having to take more of the humalog for the same amount of carbs 1 per 15. I'm going to my specialist on wednesday. Just looking for some ideas to what this could be.
I have just started Lantus, and I am type 2 diabetic. I have noticed if I sleep in during the morning I will get higher numbers then if I get up around 7 am. 
Jingles,

I would also like to add portion size also counts.  Before i started working with my dietitian, i ate healthy meals but i was eating too much.Exercise also helped.  I prefer a high fiber low fat diet.  Im allowed 150 carbs daily and lost 65 pounds in one yr.  If at all possible, ask for a referral to speak with a dietitian, it made all the difference in the world for me.  Good luck.

Hi Larry,
Larry,
Hi Larry, one sign i would definitely watch for is shaking, irrability and confusion.  Usually i check my glucose if i notice this along with sweatig profusely.  I was told by my endo and dietitian that glucose should not go below 70 or over 170.Some signes of high glucose for me are blurred vision, headache, thirsty and lethargic.  Hope i helped and good luck.
 &nbsp;
Lyn,
Dear Lyn, I thought I was the only one who married a younger man.  My second husband is eleven years younger than me.  I tell most people the age difference is eight years.  Don't know why??????I am insulant dependent diabetic, type one.  One of the best tricks my endocronologists taught me was to have a bowl of bran flakes when I wanted a snack, or low fat popcorn with only a very little bit of &quot;Becel&quot;.  I can use the sprinke on toppings as long as they are low in sugar.  Salt and vinegar topping is, but ketchup one is deadly for me.  I also have to watch the sour cream and onion one.  I can also have 3 to 4 digestive or social tea cookies or arrowroot.  I can have plain crackers, 20 grapes, 1/2 bannana, 1/2 orange, but a whole apple.  I have to be really careful with anything tomato based.  Tomato soup or baked brown beans will easily shoot my sugar up to 23 or 27.  Plain riice cakes or white cheddar ones are okay, but do not have the caramel ones.  Always keep some candy or glucose tabs next to his bed in case he gets a sudden low.  Keep a drinking box handy too.  however all he would usually need for a low is about 1/2 of a drinking box of orange or apple juice.  Then after a low sugar bout he should have protein about 1/2 hour later to maintain a stable level.  He will have to test often at the beginning to find out what foods trigger him.  Is he on any drugs for this yet?  Sugar free jello is good for those midnight cravings along with sugar free cool whip.  There is also sugar free creamscicle popsicles and fudgecicals, sorry can not think of spelling.  These things are extremely expensive, so make sure other family members do not eat his special treats.  Use whole grain breads.  Splenda for a replacement sugar is preferred by my endocronologist because it does not stay in the body as long.  No more than 2 or 3 cans of diet soda per day.  Also make sure emergency sugar glucose tabs, and or drinking boxes are in the car.  If he ever is to go unconscious and can not swallow, rub honey around his gums and tongue while waiting for paramedics.  Drink choices, the non alcoholic type, are limited and diabetics are frequently thirsty, and itchy and have frequent boils.  When I have orange juice I have about 3 ounces and then add another 3 ounces of club soda or perrier water just to give me more fluids.  Sometimes tea, coffee, or water are just not what I am in the mood for.  Most diet pops have aspartaime (not sure of spelling), however you can get cream soda and an orange pop made with splenda which is supposedly better.  It does not stay in the kidneys for as long and passes through the system quickly.  I use to love bacon eggs and hash browns or pancakes on the weekend.  No more.  Bacon must be limited to one or two strips depending on how it was cured.  Hash browns have a hidden sugar like all potatoes, corn and pasta.  He can have as many green beans as he wants.  I eat a lot of those.  Peas, beets, carrots and onion have hidden sugar.  You might want to get a copy of the glycemic index book.  It is filled with lots of good examples of foods that fill you up without turning to sugar too quickly.  Hang in there.  i was so depressed when i was first diagnosed.  After a couple of years I got the hang of  it and could guess my blood sugar pretty accurately by how I felt.  Irritability goes with high or low blood sugars and so do headaches.  Thank God he was diagnosed now.  The most important thing is to walk every day.  Walking improves pancreatic functioning.  Before the fibro I got myself a dog and worked my way up to two 3 mile walks each day.  Eventually he will have to take his sugars several times a day and a fasting blood sugar for doc visits.  The doc will also do another test that will tell how he has been managing his blood sugars for the past six weeks or so.  Therefore he can not just be good for a couple of days before the doc visit.  It takes time.  It is hard to change a lifetime of dietary habits overnight.  BTW, the George Foreman makes great tasting chicken quickly.  It is good if you marinate it in a little lemon juice, garlic, cumin, oregano, basil, pepper and a small amount of extra virgin olive oil.  Then throw some fresh green beans, broccoli in the microwave with a little water.  HE CAN HAVE  a small potatoe, but needs to be careful what he puts on it.  Never have corn, potatoes and bread at the same meal.  Have salads wih sugar free dressing, limit the tomatoes and onions and croutons.  Cucumbers are usually a free food.  however every food has a different reaction to each diabetic.  No more sweet potatoes or tunip and carrot cassarole for me.  I CAN HAVE quiche with small amounts of ham and onion.  But I can have lots of broccoli in my quiche. I usually onlly have 1/2 of the pastry.  There is a neat recuoe fior cheescake made on a vanilla wafer.  Everything is in moderation.  The more Howie walks, the more he can eatl  IT WILL TAKE him awhile to get the hqng of it.  Take him shopping again.  Try to keep lots of variety around.  Switch to one percent milk if you are not already.  Good luck, hang in there , this can be hard for the whole gamily.  I will keep you all in my prayers. judy formerally essentially friendless noe effie/judy.
Lyn,
Well Lyn,

Hello, I had that problem too for a little while.  My doctor told me to get some good shoes and it worked.  I haven't had a problem since.  Hopefully that's a little helpful.

I'm not a doctor but I've been injecting since
Hi modfos
Hi Susie, I have been type 1 diabetic for almost 24 years.  Your higher sugars in the morning could be because of something called the dawn phenomenon which is the release of certain hormones through the night that signal your liver to release more glucose.  But 7.1 sugars really aren't that bad.  I try to aim for anything between 4-7 before meals and 6-8 two hours after eating.  Keep up the good work!
Tpe 2&nbsp; since 1998...depressed for six months.&nbsp; My experience is some lows mainly since I have lost my appetite.&nbsp; Am on glucophage, actos, amaryl and prozac.&nbsp; Anyone willing to share stories would be welcome
I am making a rule that a doctor can NEVER call you on a Friday and say "Your fasting test is 199 and it appears you are type 2 diabetic" THEN LEAVE ME THE WEEKEND TO WORRY!!!
Wow, what a way to find out you are diabetic, Rhondak! Yes, I had trouble dealing with the news, even though I had been diagnosed as having being "borderline diabetic" about 30 years ago. I don't think they even tell people that anymore. I didn't worry about it much because back then my doctors did not seem too concerened. either. Just said to follow my diabetic food plan. The hardest time for me to adjust was when the doctor finally said, "You ARE diabetic. You are NOT borderline. Either you are diabetic or you are not. There is no borderline. You have to do something to control this or you will be at risk." Even though she told me specifically what I needed to do, it took some time to accept all of it. But I'm thankful I found out. She told me immediately what I needed to do, though. I had to go on medication right away. You will be able to deal with this. But honestly it is a shock to learn!! And it must be frustrating not to have the informaiton that you need. Kathy

Actually I went to doctor for somthing else and he was on vacation. His nurse practioner saw me and she noticed in last year I had 2 emergancy room trips and the blood tests showed high glucose readings. She ordered the fasting test. I am glad she caught it but am concerned doctor never did. But she is the one who called me friday and told me. I saw her yesterday and told her I was concerned but she said she didn't want to interfere with doctors patient care so I am to see him tommorrow when he returns to work from his vacation. All in all they aren't showing me much altho I am grateful she noticed the other reports and caught this. I am going to ask for a reffereal to an endocrinologist however. I feel they are better informed to help me. Thanks, Rhonda
Well as I posted in another thread on here I went to doc wednesday and he gave me script for meter, lancets and strips I picked those up. He wants me to monitor blood 3 times a day and is giving me 30 days to give him reports on readings. I asked him if I could go back on my low carb diet I had been on before and he said yes but that he also wanted me to see his dietician. I am on first day of diet today and just had my yummy salad lol. I had hoped he would let me try to control bg with diet first and he is so I am grateful for that anyway. I guess I am just gonna stick to low carb and exercise til I see dietician. And no one panic....I eat TONS of veggies a reasonable portion of meat no bread, pasta or potatos, sugar etc... and it is NOT no carb. Just low carb with all the carbs coming from veggies and some fruits (berries mostly for now) so wish me luck and I'll let you all know how this works for me.

Thanks for the suggestion, but right now our little corner ins't busy enough to consider splitting it. And alot of suggestions apply to both types.
My mother has diabeties and is now taking insulin shots 2 times a day.
I'm sorry I can't help you. I'm on Lantus and it's a long acting insulin. Sounds to me like your mom may need a new doctor...
Ok, I got blood moniter yesterday from doc. He is giving me 2 months to moniter glucose, exercise, diet and then decide if he will do meds or not. But he never explained the readings to me ~sigh~ I am frustrated. . At 3 pm it was 154 at 7 it was 142 at 11 it was 178 and this morning it was 198. How bad are these and what is the number I am looking for here?
In a perfect world depending on your age, fasting BG should be under 120. Take your readings first thing in the morning, before lunch and before dinner. That should be enough to let him know what's up. Record your carb intake in grams of carbs per meal. Record your amount of exercise each day. Put the weekly averages on a piece of paper and mail/fax it to his office after two weeks. That should give him enough time to see if your diet and exercise is working. He doesn't need two months.. He seems to be putting you off. You may want to consider a new doctor or ask him why he is dragging his feet. Maybe it's been his experience that people don't usually follow their diet and exercise and he's projecting that on to you. He doesn't know that you are so interested in getting good sugars that you are posting and researching on line.  I would try the two week thing and then call the office and have HIM call you back, not the nurse, not the receptionist. Ask him to start some meds (he might be able to give you some office samples) so you can see if they help your sugars. Do the whole carb count, exercise, sugar testing thing for two more weeks and see what is up. Mail/fax it to his office. Call again. Remember he is busy. Also remember you are trusting him with your future eyesight, kidneys and the chance to keep your feet and legs. Be very clear to him that you are interested in lowering your sugars and you need his help. If he isn't responsive to you I would take my health elsewhere.
elyod,Peter Waite, Founder/Editor
  &nbsp; but iwas told that 70 to 140 was good an not to go too much over those numbers. so when you hit 198 that kinda scared me. and to think your doc wants to wait two months is kinda freaky, my doc had me checking my blood everyday three times aday an then he had me come back in 30 days to see if my suger levels where level.
Thank for the reply all. Nice to meet ya Mya :)I have sugars under control with diet and running usually in the 90s to 110. Mornings are around 99-102 so alls good and no meds needed at this point. Doctor needless to say is thrilled and so am I. I was hoping I could control this with diet and exercise and so far so good.
 
Hi Franny Susieh

Your A1C was 28???? I did not even think the numbers went that high!  It should be under 7... Join the ADA; $35 per year..their monthly magazine is wonderful.  Also are you seeing an endocriologist?  That is very important.  I am type 2 since 1998 now..on three different meds.
Guru,
Hi again.&nbsp; Finally got a new monitor, so can post again.&nbsp; (Thanks to all for prior comments) &nbsp;:)
Hi Larry.  Don't worry, you're not doing anything wrong, it's very normal for it to sometimes sting or bleed.  There are lots of nerves under the skin and it's impossible to not sometimes hit one.  For injection sites you can use her arms, buttocks, stomach, hips, or thighs(front or back).  Injections in the abdomen are absorbed quicker, so if your sugar is high this would be a good spot to put it.  The buttocks is usually absorbed a little slower, so i usually do my morning injections there.  Another thing to keep in mind is her activities throughout the day.  For example if she's going to be playing tennis, avoid injecting in the arm or if she's going for a long walk, avoid the legs because the insulin will be absorbed to quickly.  I hope this is making sense, it's kind of hard to explain in writing!  Good luck, I hope i was able to help ya!  Robyn

Hi Ginny,
Ginny, since you live in Canada, I hope this will help you.  If you have a regular pharmacy that you deal with, they may be prepared to loan you a glucometer.  This would allow you to test your blood sugar before you even got out of bed.  Just keep the glucometer right next to your bed and test as soon as you wake up after having fasted for hopefully ten hours at least.  It would be better to check after twelve hours, but YOU CAN NOT AFFORD TO TAKE THAT RISK!!!  Low blood sugar can be very dangerous, I mean very dangerous!!!!  So if you can not fast for that long, then just fast for a shorter time period and do the testat home. When you borrow the glucometer make sure it comes with ten test strips at least, and the lancets for testing, and purchase some glucoce tabs, like Chutz recommended.  the glucose tabs that I use come in three different flavours, orange, lemon and vanilla.  I prefer the orange.  Then my endocronologist told me to also keep a banana next to my bed.  After I have the glucose tablets (2-3), then I am suppose to eat one half a banana.  The banana will continue to provide me with sugar, natural sugar, and is released more slowly and sustains longer.  I am suppose to then have protein 20-30 minutes after I bring my sugar up.  It is important to wait to eat the protein because your body will not absorb it when your bs is low, at least that is what I have been told.  If the pharmacy will not give you a loaner, the hospital might, or you could call a company, I will email you the info on a company and you can get a free tester from them.  I just know that this company gave me a third tester during a time when my sugars were out of control, for free.
Hello Ginny.  I too live in alberta!  A lot of the pharmacies right now have a special where if you buy some test strips, you can get the tester for free.  It's something to consider if you are wanting one and can't find one to borrow.  Just ask at any local pharmacy and they can tell you all about it.  I hope this helps.  Good luck on monday too!  Robyn

Ginny normal blood sugar for non diabetics can range anywhere from 3-7.  However the more current literature says that normal should really be between 3-6.  If that is the case 5.7 is pretty good.  For diabetics the normal reading should be in the 3-10 range.  However, I am type 1, insulin dependent.  I feel changes in my well being anytime I fluctuate from 5.9 to 6.5.  I am super sensitive to changes in my readings.  The most dangerous thing is if you are one of those people who do not notice when your blood sugar drops below 3.  There is a special name, can not remember it, for people who actually will sleep through low blood sugars.  If my sugar drops while I am sleeping, it will wake me up.  I keep my tester right on my night stand and the glucose tabs and usually a banana.  That way if I drop too low I can deal with it, without having to get out of bed.  
Good Luck Ginny,  I do not understand why you are having the symptoms you are having.  However I do know that I can almost always accurately guess my sugar level by how I feel.  I do hope the doc sends you for the 3 hour glucose fast test.  As long as your wake up sugar levels are above 3 you should be okay.  Just make sure you have a friend or someone to take you for the test and go to the closest lab.  Please let me know what you find out.  I would be starving if my sugar level was 3 or 4.  However if my sugar is at 6.5 up to 7.8 I feel the best.  Yes everyone does have their own normal levels.  That is why it is good to test often and keep a journal of how you feel at each test.  Please keep me informed.  I am very worried aboutJudy from Calgary many years ago.
Dear Ginny,Judy/Effie
Hello.&nbsp; I am the mother of a 22 year old Type 1.&nbsp; He was diagnosed at age 10.&nbsp; He has been on a pump for almost 3 years.&nbsp; He has no health insurance and lives with two other fellows.&nbsp; He insists he doesn't want to go to school and I think he is sleeping too much and his bg's aren't stable.&nbsp; For the first time I hear him complain that diabetes is a nightmare that is taking over his life and he sees how he is limited, for instance pursuing construction or truck driving.&nbsp; He had an accident while LOW and it really affected the way he looks at his independence.&nbsp; 
As the husband of a diabetic, welcome to Healingwell.  
I know that I am replying to this late, but I know how your son feels. I am 21 and I was diagnosed when I was 11. I am on the pump too, and I hate it. At this age it is a depressing disease. The pump is uncomfertable, and it is so much to think about it. I am like him in the way that I sleep a lot and I feel like nothing can become possible for me. That is why I reaching out on this website. I just got out of the hospital for DKA and I feel like life can never be the fullest no matter what I do. I am sorry for you I know my mother has a hard time watching me and my sister live with this. Just remember that it is just so mentally depressing, and he is trying to figure out why something like this would happen to him. I know I am. And it has been 10 years

my wife and i both have sleep apnea and sleep with a cpap. my wife also has diabetes type 2 and takes metformin. untreated sleep apnea generally causes low o2 problems at night and cpap usually resolves it by stopping the stop breathing episodes. i say this because at some point after starting metformin which can cause o2 to drop, her o2 started dropping at night. she had to go on an o2 concentrator at night because of it. to  me your symptoms seem low o2 related and could be caused by the metformin. you could also have sleep apnea, but that is not my main thought. discuss this with your doctor. have him order an overnight pulse oximeter study and see where it all goes, rule it definitely in or out. the test is cheap. if it is low o2 at night, whatever the source, it is a serious thing.1968-1990

Do you have family or friends who can help you out for a bit until you can get rested up and healed? Sounds to me like you need sometime to get better before you tackle anything else. Does your employer understand? Are you on medical leave? Have you thought about

Hello Debby.  I think that you should maybe see another doctor.  I am type 1 and have had A1C's of 5.7 which is the same as non diabetics, so having a normal A1C doesn't necessarily mean you aren't diabetic.   It sounds like your sugars are coming down okay which is good, but they probably shouldn't be that high to begin with.  Just to be safe I think it would be a good idea to get a second opinion.
I've had type 1 for nearly 30 years and I'm really SICK of it. Is there anyone who knows anyone horrible enough that I could pass it on to them?
Last year I was diagnosed with Gastroparesis (slow stomach emptying).&nbsp; I was give a list of foods that I can eat&nbsp;and should not eat.&nbsp; If I eat anything on the should not eat list I get severe stomach pain, rumbling in my stomach and constipation.&nbsp; I am also overweight and my blood sugars flutuate wildly.&nbsp; Everyone tells me to lose weight but the things I would ordinarily eat to help with that, salads, whole wheat bread and high fiber foods I can't eat anymore.&nbsp; I am so frustrated that I don't know what to eat.&nbsp; i have been seeing a nutritionist but all she does is give me menus to follow.&nbsp; If anyone has a way to deal with this, please help.&nbsp; Thank you.
&nbsp;I have been diagnosed as pre-diabetic and my endocrinologist has enrolled me in a clinical
WOW,
I've been on meds for  type 2 for about

Thanks for responding. When my license was suspended two years ago I immeadiately responded with the appropriate doctors letters saying that I was fit to drive. The board of doctors at the DMV however, chose not to approve my doctors opinion, and wrote me back saying I could reapply for my license in one year. Now it's one year after receiving their letter, and even though my control is considerably better than two years ago, I have lost selfconfidence and distrust myself more than ever. I do test a minimum of 4 times a day... sometimes as often as 10 times.
When I switched to humalog I had that same experience with the change in action; but I always thought that I was loosing sensitivity to low blood sugar symptoms. And your alternative would be to lead the kind of life I'm leading, a pitiable raft in a diabetic tempest....anyway that's how I feel. But you are the very first person I've ever contacted over the internet and I very much appreciate the exchange.


Well Cindi,

Joe,
Joe,
   we are sooo tired she is totally disabled so I am the 24/7 nurse along w/ family support..just wanted to get some online support as well..thanks and hope you all have a blessed day!
Hi Mimi and Welcome to HealingWell!! :)
Mimi,

Hey!  Thanks for responding.  She just turned 4 and had been diagnosed with diabetes about it turning out to be epilepsy, so I'm trying to understand/be prepared.  She's a beautiful little girl with so much spunk.  I really hate for any of this to happen to her and her family.
Dear sitter,
Hi I am new to this section of the board, I have IBS and DH has CD.....
Good luck with your testing. Seems like you already have enough on your plate Johanna, I'd hate for you to have to add diabetes to it, also.
Dear Johnna, Judy/effie
Below is a website that offers help for those who need help paying for medicines, especially those without insurance. I haven't used them but it looks like they offer a lot of help.  If you have good luck with them, please let us know how your experience went.
okay ya'll. In the past, I have always felt 100% better as soon as I can get food into my mouth. My hypoglycemic symptoms used to go away instantly. 
shouldnt have hypos at 5, you may be getting panic attacks which can cause the same problems

Consumer Reports just published their list in November's issue.&nbsp; They tested 25 and recommend 9:
well my dad was diagnosed with type 1 diabeties a few years ago. he was 38. my dads uncle also died from it when he was 10 because they didnt know what it was. i just have a few questions.
HiAmputation is possible, but that is only if you do not take care of yourself. My suggestion is that you just be supportive, but dont be pushy because it is hard to live with. Your children will probably not get diabetes, but in the case that they do it is treatable. With todays technologies it will be ok. It is all just whether or not you take action.
I post this little piece of information because I hear a lot that people diagnosed with type 1 are not producing insulin.&nbsp; This is not necessarily true.&nbsp;&nbsp;To find out&nbsp;the level of insulin produced by a type 1 there is the C-Peptide&nbsp;test.&nbsp; The C-Peptides are produced by the body in equal amounts with insulin, and they can be measured, therefore the amount of endogenous (produced internally) insulin can be measured.&nbsp; Normal values are 0.5 to 2.0 ng/ml (nanograms per millimeter).&nbsp;&nbsp;One can also get a rough idea whether they still produce insulin&nbsp;or not, knowing their body weight and daily insulin requirements, because&nbsp;the average&nbsp;individual&nbsp;requires a total amount of insulin&nbsp;(that is, endogenous and exogenous) of 1 unit per Kg of body weight per day.&nbsp;
Hi gang,
AL,
dear Pincushion, i sure hope you are feeling better.  My mother, who at age 91 broke her hip and went in the hospital to have surgery on her hip, got MRSA at the hospital.  We were told that it was an infection that vulnerable, frail (in her case) patients in hospitals can pick up.  I had the idea that it was something that was existing in the hospital environment.  Diabetics have compromised immune systems so we are more vulnerable to infections and all.  My mother was also diabetic.  I think it was Jeannie that wrote she thought that MRSA could be gotten from not taking all your antibiotics and therefore your germs overcame the antibiotics.  She could be right --i just dont know myself--i was going on what the hospital told us aboutShana
My ds was dx at 18 months.&nbsp; He is now 2.5 yr old.&nbsp; He's been on an insulin pump for a little over a week now. Just wanted to introduce myself and see if there were any other parents of diabetic children.&nbsp; 
Does anyone use the MIO Fruit Punch, put out by Kraft Foods? I see it is zero sugar and zero carbs. Sweetened with Sucralose and Acesulfame Potassium (as are so many other products, even yogurt).
Hi, my name's Becky and I'm seventeen years old. My best friend has diabetes, and I am very protective of her. We grew up together and I care for her very much. On one occassion, I was having a slumber party with my friend, and the next morning I awoke to her having a seizure. I was so scared, I had no idea what to do. I just cried and cried, thinking she was dying. Everything ended up okay, when her mom came in and gave her glucose, but now I'm absolutely traumatized. Whenever she sleeps over my house, or I sleep over hers, I never sleep PERIOD. I just lay down in constant fear. Whenever she rolls over in bed I wake her up in tears, thinking she's having another seizure. I don't think she knows how traumatizing it was for me to witness her having that seizure a few years back, but she does seem to get annoyed when I wake up her up several times throughout the night. It's been four years since "the incident" and even last weekend, I was laying next to her for&nbsp;FOUR hours when I finally had to leave the room because I would start to cry whenever she would move in the slightest. Because she's my best friend, she is coming on a vacation to Arizona with my parents and a few other friends of mine. I really want my friend to come, and all the plans have been made, but I know that they will be great days, and sleepless nights for me. How can I get over this ongoing fear of mine?? Please Help me.


Hi there im also a follower of Bernsteins SOUND advice, type 2, fbgs 85 -90 anything over is unacceptable, i can controll this, and i will, on no meds, just diet, bernsteins diet, as guru said read the book, as ive always said, if your gluten intolerant, the doc tells you no wheat, if your carb intolerant, as most type 2,s are, why promote a high carb diet, wich only makes matters worse, sorry for the soap box attitude, but tha CDA and and every other org ending DA( diabetic association) gets up my nose going to add more, butI think I,d better shut up God bless  
I adjusted very quickly to my metformin. Only have problems if I overdo on the carbs. (As my doc says, &quot;If you overdo you go pooh!&quot;
Maudie,
Golden Girl,
Hi GG,
Hi, visiting y'all on behalf of my dad (again). :)
I was diagnosed with frozen shoulder in 1995 after going through 5 years of pain. Little did I or the doctors know then about frozen shoulder and diabetes.
I have very bad shoulders, due to the dogs pulling when I walk them.  The physical therapy guy asked me if I was diabetic.   Says there's a big percentage of bad shoulders in diabetics.
What is in the herbal pain patch? Would be interested to know to see if I can find it here in the UK. I have recently started trying melatonin tablets at night to aid sleep and muscle relaxation. Don't know if it is effective yet as I have only taken it for 2 nights. Lizanne
We've recently added our new&nbsp;" HealingWell.com&nbsp;and you'll be helping to support your favorite web site&nbsp;at the same time.

Dear Tested,
I been taking omeprazole for acid reflex I notice since taking it my blood sugars are way up 250-300 this is the second go around with this med took it back in 2010 same thing high blood sugar, does any one know if this med can casue high blood sugar thanks for your help
Then, see if there's a substitute you can take for the omeprazole.  You would also see better blood sugar results if you cut down on the carbs at every meal.
We've&nbsp;just added another new t-shirt design to the&nbsp; your favorite web site!
I know I havent posted much lately, just not been feeling good and fighting my ailments BUT got good news today. My hba1c was 6.5&nbsp;I am not going to go into details lets just say the last couple of months have&nbsp;been a tough battle but it&nbsp;is worth it as far as getting control of my diabetes back. Just proves hang in there and keep fighting no matter what.
AL,
i want to hear everyones opinions on chipshop chinese food etc as i still eat these types of food
Hi, my name is Lizanne and I am 55 years old. I live in the UK in a town called Shrewsbury, one of those beautiful old towns with lots of history dating back to before the Romans. 

Hi April, nice to hear from you.  pregnancy and diabetes that bringing a child to full term was often not possible. This was due to the impure insulins, no blood sugar machines - only urine testing, lack of knowledge re diet etc etc etc.
Thank you, Lizanne, for your information.&nbsp; My doctor said the same thing really that you did about it besides the basics.&nbsp; I really do need to educate myself on it, though.&nbsp; Thank you!
you know there is a great deal of benefit to be had from belonging to a forum, I do beleive education is central to living a long and healthy life. After all much of the education on diet and exercise is the same for the general public as it is for people adapting to diabetes. Are you being treated with drugs for the over-active thyroid or have they used radio-active iodine. They tried drugs on me first but eventually used radio-actine Iodine. Thats why I now have an underactive thyroid gland and take thyroxine.
Hi folks,

Hi Przrat,
i'm a new diabetic so i'm still learning about it i want to know from everyone what to stay away from that raises sugar levels apart from your sweets and chocolate etc
Diabetes will not kill you faster, but it will kill you, most assuredly, if you don't take the bull by the horns and control it.   it.  You can't change it so you might as well kick it in the butt!
On britt90's question aboutdmcT1 = Thanks so much for sharing.  Since you have lived with diabetes for such a long time, I was wondering if you would also share with us whether or not you have any diabetic complications yet?  You are a very brave person and I admire you a lot because of the length of time you have been challenged by diabetes.  Thanks again for sharing.  Sincerely, Searchin'
Hi, I'm new here and would like to thank everyone for their great posts!!Thank you in advance for any help you may offer.  :)
My DH is a Type 2, diagnosed in August, so much of this is new to us. He usually only makes one trip to the bathroom during the night. I figure it's age (he's almost 65). Four to eight times a night seems pretty often to me. I am wondering if limiting the intake of liquids after 6 or 7 p.m. might help. Don't know. Consult with a kidney specialist sounds like a good idea to me, too. Lauri
Has his Prostate been checked?It may be swelled enought that his bladder is not emptying out 100%.So he's up &amp; down like a yo yo.
Hubby might also be a candidate for 'irritable bladder' meds. He could also have kidney stones (or even a bladder tumor!) Everybody who said see a urologist or a nephrologist is correct. Your body only causes you to urinate more (in quantity) if you drink more. Diabetics usually drink more fluids because the kidneys demand more water to do their job correctly when there is excess sugar in the blood.  If his sugars are close to normal (how close?) and he's not drinking excessive amounts of water then he is maybe suffering from 'frequency' which is the urge to urinate frequently even though only small amounts of urine are passed each time.  Any of these problems should be addressed by a doctor who cares enough to check into the problem and doesn't just pass it off as &quot;the body ...ridding itself of the excess sugars.&quot;  Did hubby explain the normal sugars along with the frequent urge to get up? Combining those two things would set off alarm bells in an alert
We are from England. My wife is 43 years old,&nbsp;insulin dependant diabetic (Novorapid and Glargine) and&nbsp;in good health at 5' 4" and just under 9 stone.&nbsp; She goes for a check up a couple of times a year at the hospital and last year they told her to take a statin to control her cholesterol.&nbsp; I am not happy with her taking these drugs as they not only block the bad fats but also the good ones.&nbsp;This will cause disorder in her muscles and&nbsp;joints.&nbsp;She is not going to take them.&nbsp;
Hello.  I'm only 24, but have been type 1 for 23 years.  I find that every time i see a new doctor i have problems.  I find them to be very pushy with what &quot;the books&quot; say.  Now as a diabetic my body doesn't follow that book at all!  For example NPH is only supposed to last according to the book around 12 hours, but for me i can take it at supper and be fine in the morning (16 hours later).  So i am just very stubborn with these new doctors until they get that i am in excellent health and know my body and don't need these other things!  Your wife just needs to stand her ground and tell her doctor how she feels and what she wants.  My doctor is awesome now, he understands that i'm stubborn and well educated and he lets me do my thing.  (my last a1c was 5.8)  So I think i'm doing ok.  Hope all this babbling is helpful!  Robyn
Hi everyone!
Talk to his dr. about
I only found out that I have Type 2 diabetes on August 4th. I'm taking Metformin 850mg twice a day. I have pretty good control of my blood sugar. I'd say 95% of the time it's lower than 150 and of that, about diabetes. What kind of doctor should I look for?
Peggy,
Hi All, 
I'm not so sure I can really be of any help, but these are the tree sports you usually consider to be the best for your health:
Hello everyone !    
If it was me with numbers like that I would not want to go on any meds yet, I woul work on my diet and exercise and make the doc want and see what I could do without the meds. The less meds the better as far as I am concerned!
Hello everyone. I stumbled onto this sight and have enjoyed and learned alot from your posts. I was diagnosed at age 25 with type one diabetes. I was a textbook case. I had been feeling bad for a few months before seeing a doctor untill my brother (a nurse) took my sugar reading and it was over 600. The proceeding&nbsp;months of constant thirst and urinating had me honestly believing I was cursed. I was actually releaved that my feeling bad was due to diabetes. The first six months after being diagnosed left me scared as hell. I had read the many horror stories about  Thanks for reading my post and I look forward to visiting this site often.

She needs to see a doctor or nurse the specializes in diabetes to help her get her blood sugars on a more even scale. Hving low blood sugars so low that they are causing seizures and or black out are not a laughing matter and is very dangerous! Can be damaging to the brain and other organs, can even get so bad that a person will go into a coma, and even death.
hi all
Vikki,

I've been using a glucose monitor that my doctor gave me in August when I was first diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes. I went straight to the drug store and got my test strips and lancets. It cost me some money because I didn't use my Medicare. That would have taken some time locating a Medicare provider and then billing my other insurance for the co-payment.
Pegasis,
Good afternoon,I come to the Forum again for advice and information.  I was not diabetic until post pancreatic surgery.  I am on no medication, I watch my diet and take either 2 cinnamon pills or cinnamon/biotin/ chromium pills daly, one after breakfast and supper.  My fasting value is 100'110 and after meals 140-150...Recently,I felt sort of shaky so I checked my sugar.  It was eighty five so I had some oj which made me feel ok.  This has happened 4 or 5 times in the last 2 weeks.  Could my pancreas be producing more insulin?  My surgery was not whipple but on the tail.  I am 4 years out, last CT scan in May which was good as were blood tests.  I of course am worried always living with the thought of recurrence. Any ideas or similar experiences?
Hello,
Okay, so it's pretty well known that tingling and/or numbness in the extremities can be a sign of diabetes.Thanks to any thoughts y'all have!
New to this forum. I read an article or two about the relationship between type ll diabetes and statins. I had been on Atorvastatin for cholesterol for several years. My A1c went from 5.1 up to 7.1 very quickly even with diet and exercise. My doc prescribed Metformin and forgot to tell me. I happened to notice it on my online chart one day. I decided to take matters into my own hands and I started looking online. I found articles that stated statins may cause a rise in blood sugar and may be what causes type ll in some cases. I stopped taking the statin, switched to a natural cholesterol lowering tab and within 1 year my A1c went down from 7.1 to 6.0. My cholesterol has gone up but still below acceptable limits. I also found a new doctor who wants to be a partner in my health and not just tell me what to do. Any thoughts?
I have been on 1000mg of Metformin for over a year now and have recently been diagnosed with iron deficiency anemia.  I have struggled with constant diarrhea from the beginning, but it has kept my A1c at 6.5-6.9.  Has anyone had IDA while on Metformin?  I'm about going off to see if my hemoglobin goes back up.  It's at 9.1 right now and I started on an iron supplement.
So today my sugars went to 189 because my mra card was suspended because of buying 3.16 worth of needles my husband needs to take his testosterone shots. Mind you they covered this for 2 years and now saying they just caught this and needs a dr note saying it is medically necessary to have the needles to take his shots that he already has a note for on the liquid testosterone. Ummm when you have to have shots you need the needles. Well I knew that two months ago and paid a dr Bill out of pocket and even received a voicemail saying all was fine they were going to use that. No word saying I needed a claim filled. An hour later and a half hour of lost overtime and on hold almost a half hour I finally got it resolved but they tried to tell me I needed the form and it would take 6 to 8 weeks. So I had to yell and explain without that card I wont be able to take my diabetic medicine because cost would be to expensive and my cholesterol med or the medicine to protect my kidneys. My daughter wouldn't be able to take her medicine to regulate her periods seeing she goes 2 to 3 times a month and sometimes 20 days straight and my husband wouldn't be able to go to his chiropractor and get his medicine. So they assured me it will be lifted in 48 hours. But by that time I had a headache, my face was red, and my heart was racing which makes me think my blood pressure was high and to boot my sugar raised to 189. Anyway to control the sugar when I get that upset. I'm still feeling the effects.Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
Last summer I was diagnosed with &quot;pre-diabetes&quot;, and given Metformin.  Been trying to make things better ever since... didn't have a good reaction to the Metformin so haven't taken it for months.&quot;Life is far too important to be taken seriously.&quot; - Oscar Wilde
Most people have a vitamin D deficiency.  We do not spend enough time in the sun.  Vitamin D plays a role in insulin resistance.  It would be wise to have your vitamin D level check and take appropriate steps to get it in a good range.http://www.naturalnews.com/027345_Vitamin_D_exposure_sun.html
Is anyone following Dr. Fuhrman's diet as described in The End of Diabetes? If so, how has it affected your blood sugar numbers?He was despised and rejected by mankind, a man of suffering, and familiar with pain. (Isaiah 53:3) NIV
Ok ,so this cruising girl does fine on the cruise ship.  Didn't have to take but 1000 mg of metformin!  Get home and while doing yard work find myself clutching poison ivy.  Freaking, flooded hands and arms in cold water...showered..basically all I could do.  Ended up with itching anyway.  Dr gives me prednisone.  Been on it 4 days...ate too many carbs and fasting sugar 190.  Good girl...no carbs next day until supper...took after super 244...symptoms...headache, hot, oh crap!  What's happening?
I went to the Dr and he said no to Lantus but considered adding another med but wants to see my results in 3 months of numbers with upping Victoza to 1.2. With the 130 I wanted something more but told him I will see how my a1c is and if it's up or not gone down then I will call and have him add the other med. Well guess what!!!! Even with the 130 my a1c went down from 6.6 to 5.6 so I guess I was in panic mode but I'm obviously doing something right. I am going to see though what numbers are with the 1.2 dose of Victoza and in 3 months if not under 130 then I will ask for the other med in addition to Victoza. With me being deliginent with what goes in my body and my Dr support I'm showing I'm able to get my numbers down. I'm so happy. Goes to show sometimes we know what's best for our bodies than Dr. I would have never gotten there with my other DrDiabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
So I did the calculations and determined that I'm meeting all my goals. In January I was at an a1c of 7.3 an average of 163. Then early February I was a 6.4 then in March  I was at a 6.6 which is a average of 133. Now I'm at a a1c of 5.6 which is 115. So I met my goal to get under 6. Now I've set myself a goal to get to a 5.1 but I'm not going to get myself down if I don't as long as I maintain the 5.6 average. I've come a very long way. I want to thank you guys for listening to me and giving me adviceDiabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
I posted new here, so I wouldn't derail Worriedgirl's thread like I unfortunately did in Don's thread.
Hello, Ruth
Hello all,Thanks for your replies!
They are, but you can't always trust the reading alone. The device asked me to get a calibration reading once or twice a day, but still it was off since it's not actually measuring from blood but from tissue. Under 2.2 mmol/l I should have been lights out even though I am known to be up and about even with readings lower than that...
Hi all. I'm new here, but not new to HW. I have Crohn's disease, PA, and hypothyroid. Newly dx'd as &quot;pre diabetes&quot;. I am suffering and I'd love some input.
Like usual, when I am confused with my health concerns, I always turn to this wonderful site!
'
I've been eating low carb for over 2 weeks, and my fasting blood sugar is still 108-115.Thanks.
I haven't been on in quite a while as my sugar has been doing it's own thing...severely high. The glyburidebut was just curious.
Lanie....I go in 2 weeks for another A1C check. I've been on the berberine for 5 months now and the sugarknow how the doctor visit goes.
hi,thank you..
Hey guys, Thank you
Just a bit of encouragement for those more newly diagnosed and struggling with achieving the diet/lifestyle/medication balance. On my last visit to my doctor, I was delighted to learn that my A1C was down to 5.7. Normal, baby! That has been my goal all along, not to be within the &quot;diabetic normal&quot; range but the real normal range.Ulcerative colitis; 10thyear of remission with Remicade. Inflammatory osteoarthritis; osteonecrosis from steroids. Grave's disease post-RAI and now on Levothyroxine. Type II diabetes induced by steroids. #ucsucks
Hi All:,
Good morning to everyone.  I am new to the board as far as posting goes, I have been reading for a while and what an informative, great place!!  I am T2 and of course started as prediabetic and then my A1C went up to 7.  My nighttime numbers and early morning numbers are high!  Anyways, my doc put me on the time release metformin and told me to take it before bedtime.  I stopped it after a bit as my stomach could not take it.  By all the reading I have done I am seeing that a lot of you think it is worth taking and trying to get beyond the side effects...should I?  Also can you have a few cocktails or wine while taking this metformin?  thanks in advance for any light you can shed. 
I have just had some stomach and diaphragm surgery and am unable to swallow my 500mg (2x daily) pills.  So, I am crushing them via the Ninja processor with protein drinks.  My question is: is there any difference in taking the pill whole versus disintegrated?  This regimen will go on for a few more weeks. 
HI all,Thanks
I just had my bloodwork done on Monday and my Glucose was 158 my A1C was 7.4. I have not heard from my Dr.  and normally if anything is wrong you get a phone call otherwise a letter  telling you maybe a diet or whatever is needed but anyting serious a phone call that day. She did receive my reports on Monday also. This A1C has me really concrned but my Dr. is a  Nephologist and specializes in Diabetes and high B/P. All my other blood work was fine except for my GFR, but I am a senior  woman 74 years old. I am afraid to eat for fear my  Glucose wil  go high.I really am expecting a letter  to change eating habits etc but  quite nervous aboutThanks for  any help, Linda
So how was this summer for you, for me it was terrible, too hot and humid  Age 60
Susan writes:&quot;
I don't know if anybody has tried the new and improved flavour of Dex4 Glucose Tablets, I used to love the grape flavour but with the improved taste it tastes like petroleum now Age 60
Several years ago, I was diagnosed with diabetes (just over the limit - but still diabetic).  I fortunately had a doctor who told me to change my lifestyle, or there was nothing she could do for me in two years.  I did a lot of research, and changed my lifestyle. Within 6 months, I had lost a lot of weight, and was back in the normal sugar range.  I stayed with that lifestyle change for a long time. Then I fell off the wagon - lots of reasons, no excuses.  And I was pretty much back to my old habits. Gained 30 lbs, and my bloodwork showed me in the upper pre-diabetic range with a HA1C over the limit.  Reality check - I can't eat everything I want, sit around all day, and stay healthy. So with renewed commitment, I went back to my healthy lifestyle, began exercising, and today my blood sugar was down well into the normal range!  Don't know what my HA1C is, but I had to share this part of my success.  I joined this forum hoping to get some inspiration and spread some health information to others who need it.  Now I can do it from a position of wellness.  It feels so good to be back on the healthy track!
 
I'm wondering if someone could help me,Thank you 😔
I wish you a nice holiday with your family and friends tomorrow!  What's going to be on your plates?
Just one capsule a day and after one week my next day's fasting glucose level went from 100-105 to 90-95.
think that is the spelling. endo says not good on the kidneys, I have the product sheet, stacks of possible s/e. was wondering if any are using this without kidney issues. I have had kidney probs, well straight after the heart op, acute renal and inotropic heart failure. but the water work drug wrecked them. I am back to normal levels, just. cheers. hope all is well.
Hi everyone I'm recently diagnosed Type 1. I am managing my BG quite well, although my BG has occasionally dropped to around 3.5 mm/L without any noticeable symptoms. At what level would I expect to get any symptoms and at what level would I be in danger of slipping into unconsciousness?
Hi Everyone1 Sep 11 PSA 0.01,10/11<0.01, 1/12 0.01,4/12 0.01,7/12 0.01
This was originally published in the 
Hi everyone
metformin & prednisone I was just put on prednisone for a short period of time, it messing with my blood sugar. My fasting was 125 this morning, m7 2 hour was 215, I take metformin 500 2x a day should I stay on the prednisone. It's for a rash
was wondering if anyone had any tips with a diabetic diet and religious food practice. pertaining to less meals. thx. it will be vegetarian. will check out here. just thought I would ask, as I will be embarking on some training that will require adherence. still am seeking input on this. there may be some special consideration. cheers.'
I've been pre-diabetic for many years now. I'm a 27 year old female. I had lost 60 pounds last year, but this year I stopped dieting and gained some weight back, my eating habits aren't the healthiest. I'm still overweight and plan on going back on my diet very soon.Should I invest in those little blood sugar testers? Where it pricks your finger to test your blood, forgot what they were called! Would that be the best way to tell if I have diabetes? other than having a blood test from my PCP.
My blood sugars having been running high the last couple of days. I'm on Metformin 1000 am and pm. Toujeo 14units this am. Ate dinner out and came home blood sugar426!!! Took a 5mg glipizide has only lowered to 392 in approx 2 hours. Should I take another 5 Mg glipizide? Don't want to drop low in the night but this seems awfully high.
Wishing all our American Friends a Very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving!!Coversyl - Pantoloc(as irritation preventative) - Levemir - Indomethacin - long acting Morphine - short acting Morphine - Salbutamol - Prednisone - Humalog - Tears Naturelle II - Aspirin(81 mgs.) - Cod Liver Oil Caps - Vit D other OTC
Has anyone taken Pepto Bismol for occasional upset stomach? I notice one of the ingredients is saccharin sodium.
I am type 2. Just newly diagnosed. My doctor put me on Metformin 1000mg BID and Victoza. 3 months later he added Jardiance. I now have, high blood pressure so he also added Quinapril 40mg QD. I have been dizzy and have been winded. I have Palpitations as well. I have talked to a friend who is a type 1 diabetic and he has stated that he feels very strongly about
Ok, I'll start by saying I haven't yet had the presence of mind to test blood sugar at these times, but...Thanks.
I'm wondering if there is a glaucoma or eye forum on Healing Well?I looked but couldn't see any and thought it might be listed under another name.
I have been working trying to find foods that do not aggregate my gastritis that became a problem this past summer.  So far most of the foods that are agreeable are carbs.....brown rice, steel cut oats, pumpkin bars made with quinoa flour and flakes.......chicken and asparagus .....maples syrup and honey.... 1/2 a banana....almonds......I have lost aboutI will start eating more chicken and turkey and will try baked cod next week.
Hi...recently diagnosed as Type 2 diabetic.  Will be starting insulin injections tomorrow (Novorapid twice a day)  Feeling a little overwhelmed..Thanx in advance...
Haven't been around here for a while but I got a flu shot the other day & thought I'd pass on something I noticed.  The young lady that gave me the shot squeezed a fold in the skin of my arm before sticking the needle in ... as we age, it gets easier to fold our skin;)  I didn't even feel it.P.S.  Hi Lanie:)
What can you learn from testing glucose right after eating and what kind of numbers would be normal?
I am not sure if my issue is diabetes related but so far after nearly two years of dealing with this matter and getting no where with multiple doctors perhaps someone on this forum can offer help.  I have a condition from time to time that results in my burping (no belching) sulfur.  It is so bad  the smell could clear a room. When it comes on, it will last several hours and then develop into a severe case of diarrhea.  The condition can go on for weeks and suddenly disappear for months.  I have Type 2 Diabetes diagnosed about2 year post SRT 9-26-16 <0.1
Hi everyone, newly diagnosed type 2 here. My dr is thinking of prescribing Synjardy. Looking for personal experiences and feedback about this drug. Thanks.
I wish you all a very happy and healthy holiday tonight, tomorrow, next week and next year!  Be well and be safe!
Wishing all of you a healthy and happy New Year!
Happy and Healthy New Year friends.ion therapy.  Any ideas?
I am making this thread to have at least one place to post recipes using cauliflower. I realized that they would start being buried in other threads making them hard to find.
Hello All,Planqueil 200mg twice a day, Lisiniprol
Hi guys,Thanks a lot for reading, any help and/or advice will really help!
I've recently been diagnosed with Peripheral Neuropathy in my ankles, feet, legs and knees. My doctor originally said that it was from Fibro but now says it also could be from the fact that I am pre-diabetic. My A1C is 5.9. Is that too high? He was despised and rejected by mankind, a man of suffering, and familiar with pain. (Isaiah 53:3) NIV
Has anyone tried or now use Dannon Light & Fit Carb & Sugar Control vanilla yogurt: 60 calories,  3 g carbs, 2 g sugar. ?
Okay my 5 year pump anniversary is Feb 27 now my research begins thinking aboutAge 60
starting a injectable called byetta. suppressants the hunger somewhat and slows down the metabolism of food from the gut. start tomorrow. it is used in conjunction with my insulin and non insulin rx. morning and night. apparently new here in australia, somewhat. any comments on those using it and it's efficacy i would love 2 here from ya. keep strong. a1c still up, trigs up, i know what is causing this.........hdl /ldl good. kidney function excellent. meant to be on sabbatical, however need to resolve some family stuff that requires deep attention. keep well.'
Hello,Thank you for any comments there may be!!
I am male...age 76..diagnosed with diabetes almost three years ago...with A1C of 13.  Started immediately on Metformin and Junuvia.....A1C has been between 5.9 and 6.2 for over two years.  I cut out sugar in coffee and tea.....and cut down on other sugars....but still eat some.   Question....at my age how long usually will it take for bad complications to show up.   My mother was diabetic for many years and then lost a foot at age 72.  My doctor said I was doing &quot;excellent&quot;....just wonder.   Thanks........
I was told in a diabetes class that with diabetes, you should go to an eye doctor who is a doctor, not go to a optometrist who is not an actual doctor.
Lanie said: 
Tim Tam wrote:Post Edited (Tim Tam) : 2/4/2017 11:59:07 AM (GMT-7)&quot;
Thank you Lanie, I will introduce myself. I have feared diabetes catching up to me for years. My parents both have type 2, as does a sibling. All were overweight at least some point in their lives. I too am overweight, but have recently LOST weight, which makes my recent result concerning.Linda
Dear Suggester,AsimK
Hi all I'm from the Lyme forum but I've been having what seems to be blood sugar swings. The way I explained it to the doc he said it could be seizures so I had some testing done and all came back normal. My question is do some of you feel spaciness and foggy brain when your blood sugar swings? Thanks
Okay, due to age (51), weight (BMI upper 20's), family history, and high, but &quot;normal&quot; fasting glucose readings over time (mid to upper 90's), I have been self checking regularly to reassure. I've been using something cheap called the TRUE2go, and it's given me the occasional 100-110 reading, but mostly 90's. I've had it for 8 years. Looking back at lab data, it's often tested HIGHER, though I never once thought to do a test coming out of the actual lab. Most comparisons are from the general time (within a week say).Thoughts? I also did a few (OCD) A1c home tests, that tend to favor the lower readings, but how accurate are they? Is it possible that the lab reading is the high one? Could the aspirin have affected it?
Do you control your blood sugar due to either; having diabetes or being at risk of developing diabetes?
Hello all:Wannabe Fat Bob
Hi everyoneOne more question,sometimes her blood sugar suddenly drops very low,like lower than 4 and she starts to feel dizzy,shaky etc. So what if shes getting angioplasty and her blood sugar suddenly drops in the process then what will happen?? Im soooo worried pls someone guide me.
Hi Healing Well Diabetes community, Hillary
How long is the ideal fast for measuring diabetic levels? I'm asking because if I take my FBG first thing in the morning, say 6 or 7 AM, I get one reading. If I take it again 2 hours later, having had no food, it's often 10-20 points higher. This can make a difference in diagnosis, so I'm wondering when the best time would be to get a lab test. I'm possibly in that pre-diabetic window now, and want my repeat testing to truly reflect my levels.Thanks!
So here goes. I have severe acid reflux. I have taken Omeprozole for 3+ yrs daily. I was feeling horrible and saw my Dr. He called and told me I was severely anemic and wants me to take 3 iron tablets a day. THEN. Says oh and your diabetic. Your A1c is 6.7. And told me to take 500 of metformin twice daily. So at this point per Dr Instructions, I'm taking omeprozole, iron, (vitamin C to help the iron absorb) and the Metphormin. I did this for a few days and finally did not take the iron today.  It was killing me. I was feeling so bad. From my ribcage to my abdomen and to my back. The Metphormin helps my PCOS too. Does anyone know or have any suggestions on how to take the medication daily to ease my comfort?! I have an appt with my Dr next week to get more blood tests to see if the iron is even working. Because like I said the omeprozole prevents the absorption of iron! Ugh!
I'm a 25 year old female. In my early 20's I began to experience feelings which I was certain were low blood sugar related. I mentioned to my doctor but he said it's hard to diagnose hypoglycemia and I should get a glucose meter. So for the past 5 years, whenever I felt weak or shaky, I'd eat something sweet and feel better right away.What could this mean?
My latest labs showed an a1c of 6.0 and fasting glucose of 93. Dr ordered a C-Peptide test in three months because I may be one of those rare birds to develop type 1 at the age of 72. Oh well.
What does it mean? 
Glycemic control, exercise, and diet improve circulation, and of course, prevent severe complication but has anyone tried  deoxyhemoglobin dilator. I just read about
So, have you changed your diabetes meds?  How's everything going?
Well, that silly endocrinologist was saying I was pre-diabetic and needed metformin, etc, etc.Anyway, thanks for everyone's support when I needed it!
I just got a continuous glucose monitor in December, and had my first dr appt with it was in January. After that doctor appt I saw a charge for $92 for &quot;continuous glucose monitor phys interp.&quot;, So I found out the doctor charges to interpret those results which they did not tell me aboutKayla
I have been on Byetta for just over a week. I have no issues with giving myself an injection and I'm certain I was getting the medication because I had severe nausea, which I expected. aboutThanks in advance!
Hi All!
Blood level readings - 19..(yes, that's right)  So panic, shock at the doctor, 3 pills of metaforim a day, lifestyle changes (Glycemic Load diet and Exercise..) Two weeks later under 7.  Lost 15pnds.Think I should go back to two pills a day until I lose more weight and reading are always under 6?? Or just keep at it on one pill for now.
Okay, after recent borderline &quot;pre&quot; numbers, I've been trying to keep close tabs on my blood glucose. And it's borderline in the morning for a pre-situation, with most days over 100. Thanks!
Hi, Is there any supplements that help metforim work? I'd love to have a bit and not raise my insulin levels?
This is more like a report on what I've been doing the last few months, but I'm also a little bit confused in combining type 1 and exercise.And, then I've also been told that a really heavy exercise can actually raise blood glucose levels instead of lowering it. Further confusion comes from the fact that I've been considered insulin resistant, so the 10 mmol/l unit drop seems surprising to me (from 15 to 5). Sure, I was drinking a lot of water and I did take the measurement 1 hour after I had left the gym.
I copied Shalini Bisht's post here:
For the past year I have been suffering from extreme headaches, dizziness, lightheaded and fainting spells. This past week I have decided to check my blood sugar to see if there is any consistency with the symptoms and my blood sugar number. My usual fasting blood sugar is 89-90. However I checked right before lunch today and it was 137 and I haven't eaten anything since 6 am and I checked around noon time. A year ago when I had my gallbladder removed my sugar levels were 360 and at the point when they tested it was over 24 hours since I had last eaten. I mentioned it to my doctor but she brushed it off. But my symptoms are getting worse not better. If any one has dealt with this I would appreciate any insight.
Hi, I've never posted on this site before site before, but I have some questions regarding a blood glucose test.  I have Lyme Disease and probably a couple of co-infections. I had my test done when I was right at the end of being sick with some virus. I also have hypothyroidism which had not been checked in aboutNot sure what else I may have since LLMD does not test for co-infections
I'm posting the page from the site nicknamed Blood Sugar 101 about
Hi All,Venkat
So my numbers use to be very high like 250-267 and so when i got my numbers down i was feeling so sick i guess because it was so high i just got use to it being that high. i was nausea and i felt like i was going to pass out. so i'm just so confused about what's the right numbers i suppose to eat take a shot what to eat what not to eat then i have so many people telling so many different things to the point i'm just scared i'm going to do the wrong thing.I need to know what kind of foods to buy it's like everything i know is right then i have to many people stressing me out. I think i just need a food chart a menu and just make a meal plan for everyday. I was reading the rules and i'm not sure if it was saying don't ask for help so if anyone have some pointers i'm all ears and if i wrote something wrong please let me know i'm new and i just want to know have anyone else have or having these same problems. Thank you all in advance. And thank you for letting me join this group.
He posted:  &quot;&quot;
Hi!  I used to go on the Crohns board here.  I am 26+ years diagnosed with Crohns....mostly controlled by limited meds and eating only what does not cause a flair.  The only fruits I eat that do not bother my gut (unless a bad day) are baby food bananas and applesauce.  Pretty much every vegetable is a problem no matter how well cooked/pureed (I had 2 ER visits due to trying very well cooked carrots).  I have called myself a carbetarian as toast is my safest food.  I am very lucky and can eat dairy in small amounts (huge ice cream fan), I eat chicken and pork and fish.  I avoid deep fried as it is not kind to my gut eitherI am on enough meds now.  I am trying to walk more (joint issues hinder too much activity).  I am seriously considering just not eating---OK only sort of seriously.  My big question is...what to eat if I can't do fruits and veggies?  I've done some research, but would appreciate some actual living with it advice.  Thanks for listening....
Glucose Fasting 5.3  3.6 - 6.0 mmol/L
Hello, lovely people.Failed Pentasa, Azathioprine and finally Methotextrate due to allergies/intolerance. Taking 5mg pred daily and smoking 3 ciggies a day.  Will start LDN soon.
I am scheduled for a bilateral mastectomy and have ore-diabetes that I manage with diet.  I monitor my BG with a meter. AFter this surgery I have been told to avoid needle sticks, or finger pricks in my arms.  Does anyone lease have this issue? I tried my thigh and could not get blood despite turning up the lancet.Thank you
Poppie asks these questions:
My husband has type 2 diabetes.  He is not overweight and never has been.  He is genetically predisposed to having it, though.  I am wondering if anyone has had luck with probiotics or Turmeric.  I have read promising information about these things helping diabetics and since my son and husband are obviously related, maybe they have the same &quot;issue&quot;, it just presented itself differently in their bodies...thoughts?
 getting a lot of skin tags, yes i am getting older, but this is indicative of the diabetes and insulin resistance. got bloods to do, don't know a1c as of yet. due to depression my motivation for testing has waned. i am tired. so tired.
Hi everyone,Fibromyalgia, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Celiac Disease, Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, Post-traumatic Stress Disorder, Anxiety, Depression (suspect Bipolar Type II), GERD, Chronic Tonsillitis, Chronic Sinusitis, Multiple Chemical Sensitivity, Multiple Intolerances, Allergic Rhinitis, Lymphocytic Esophagitus, Irritable Bowel Syndrome, Migraines, Scoliosis, Restless Legs Syndrome, Hypotension, etc.
My doctor thinks metformin...which I have taken for three years.....is making my creatinine level rise.   Creatinine rose from 1.27 to 1.6....after fluctuating up and down for about 18 months.   Kidney specialists says all is fine for now.....and not to worry.   Has this happened to anyone...and what do you take in place of metformin?   I also take Januvia.    Thanks.........
So, I am usually on one of the other forums for auto immune diseases but my A1c has been creeping up and was 6.5. They tried me on metformin and Januvia but I have had reactions to both of these meds. They worked well at dropping my blood sugars. They both gave me joint pain. I don't know if they do this b/c I already have RA or what is up. Has anyone else had this reaction to both of these meds? I don't want to take Invokana b/c of UTI's that I am prone to and I eat a low carb diet and exercise. Maybe it's  just a coincidence?? Thanks in advance.Meds: plaquenil, synthroid, Januvia, nexium, restasis, estrogen patch, prometrium, VSL #3, evening primrose oil, Omega 3 supplement-Maxi Tears.
Hi I finally got my blood sugar testing meter.  Failed Pentasa, Azathioprine and finally Methotextrate due to allergies/intolerance. Taking 5mg pred daily and smoking 3 ciggies a day.  Will start LDN soon.
i have been posting for some time ago i just have one more question why are my feets burning more after sugar and fat food feeling very sick much worse in the morning pee 20-30 times a day,getting weird after food sometimes its a kind of dizzy,and all the oher classic diabetes symptoms but all diabetes test are normal they say that fasting is max 7 mmol/l mine is between 6-8,4 mmol/l fasting.
I have not been diagnosed with diabetes. However, overnights I have had insomnia for months due to a stressful job. I've done pills, therapy, suppliments you name it. I think I may be hypoglycemic crashes that cause me to wake up with a high heart rate that slowly goes down. This happened to me in my 20's when ever I would drink. I want to try gluclose tabelts to take in the middle of the night. Or should I eat a snack? Something healthy?  To help me get a full night sleep to help me heal. I can feel the lack of sleep, making my body feel worse and I'm hoping not to get full blown diabetes.
So I went to the GP last week to see why I had lost 25 pounds and my hair was falling out.  Deep down I must have known, but I truly thought it would have been my thyroid.   I take synthroid and my tsh was 1.2 BUT my bg was 556. My A1 is a 13.5.   Diagosis Uncontrolled Diabetes.  So he sent my home with Lantus(40mg at bed) and Apidra(12 mg with meals) 1800 calories 3meals/3 snacks.  Gen
a1c down from 10.6 to 8.2 the turtle is trying hard. working on issues to do with polyuriana and nocturia. doc and i have worked it out. we think. good cholesterol a tad low, bad is up. more fish says doc. just thought i'd share. kidney numbers not good.
I'm not sure if I discussed this here, but I've suddenly been having problems with skin wounds. I have some loose skin on my abdomen (a lasting effect of steroid therapy), and I developed Ulcerative colitis; 11thyear of remission with Remicade. Inflammatory osteoarthritis; osteonecrosis from steroids. Grave's disease post-RAI and now on Levothyroxine. Type II diabetes induced by steroids. #ucsucks
Just got the Novopen lists the compatibility as Novo branded needles only, although the BDs are supposed to be universal. Anybody?
hi all can you have normal glukose levels on every blood test but have insulin resistens?i have all symptoms from diabetes and complications after long time but test are fine isn't it a good ide to get that test?
I use this site for advice on my panic disorder and have received so much helpful advice and support so now I'm here for advice for my dad. My dad is 43 years old and was diagnosed with diabetes a few years ago. He recently became a dry alcoholic and he's dropped from 200 to 160 pounds in about 300-400. He lives alone and does hard labor every day and doesn't eat. I need help. I can't see my father wither away right before my eyes and I want to help. Please lend me some advice and some good thoughts. X
Hello everyone,Trazodone as needed for sleep
Lanie, I hope you can help me.   last time I posted I was concerned with my blood sugar levels due to taking Prednisone for almost a year. However, I have had a serious UC flare up and have been in the hospital where the doctors bumped up the Prednisone to a whopping 60g a day.  Failed Pentasa, Azathioprine and finally Methotextrate due to allergies/intolerance. Currently, reducing Pred from 60g.  Waiting to start Humira next week.
I seem to have a bit of a stomach bug, as I'm having to run to the restroom at least every half hour. Back in the day, I'd make sure to drink some Gatorade to replace my electrolytes, but now that I'm diabetic, I shy away from that stuff since it's got so many carbs in it. Is there anything out there made specifically for us so that we don't become dehydrated and whatnot in these situations? Or are there other good sources of electrolytes? Any help would be appreciated!Thanks!
I have not found a sugar free version of pedialyte yet. Has anyone?
Topical steroids to are absorbed thru the mucus membrane or I get what you are saying works for you but going ultra low carb is not the answer for me.
 
Lanie:
TG:HDL ratio is greater than 4.
kkkkn.
I'm wondering if anyone else out there uses an infared sauna. I was put on metformin and as usual I got else has tried this.
Post approved by Founder & CEO Peter Waite:
HiI know that it's not an STI because I have not been intimate with anyone for nearly three years due to my Fistula, although I wonder if you can get one from a dirty public toilet.
In October of 2014 I was diagnosed with {so-called} peripheral neuropathy in both balls of my feet and toes.  When walking I experience the sensation of floating on the air-filled-jell packs they sell for your feet.  Needless to say my long distance walking ability has been severely impinged.  Now I go from working at home three days per week to working in the office five days per week.  I bought a ottoman which helps keep my feet elevated during the day so I'm not worried aboutbeing where I am now three years ago but I had no idea how hard some of my eating habits were to break.   I am confidant though that my feet will finally heal using the regimented diet, exercise and gadgetry that has been researched.   I do take full responsibility for my condition though and do ask for any feedback/input any one of you can offer.
Hi have suffered depression all my life very sad and down hated it so finally went to my doctor.tony w.
I just received some test results which say my 105 glucose level is consistent with pre diabetes. (It's a Saturday so I'm unable to ask a specific question to my doc) Thanks!
My 3 year old was admitted into the hospital earlier this week due to increased drinking, eating and peeing along with personality changes and blood sugar of 241.Has anyone had this only to later be diagnosed with type 1? I'm wondering if we need a second opinion and where to go as we were at our state's most renown children's hospital.
Hey folks lots been happening since I was last on, system crash lost the link to here lucky I remembered my user-id and password  Age 60
In mid September I started using Freestyle Libre CGM instead of the Dexcom G5 CGM it was just released in Canada in mid September and has been approved by our government (Health Canada) to use as tool to figure out my insulin dosage only the second CGM to get this approval, there are only three differences I can see between the 2 CGMs and they are Dexcom sensor last 7 days Libre lasts 14 days, Dexcom has a alarm when you are going down Libre doesn't and cost Libre is a lot cheaper for the sensors, I love the fact of no more finger pricks after 45 years  Age 61
I'm new to this forum but not to healingwell, I'm active on the Prostate Cancer Forum.
This is to tell you than I am leaving HealingWell.  I wish all of you continued good health.  Please refer to the 'stickies' in the Resources at the top of the Diabetes Forum for some guidance, as well as the website I have listed in my signature. My final advice to you is that you need to be proactive in controlling your health.  
This is 
Hello guys,
Hi, Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
Hi, I am not diagnosed with diabetes but my glucose levels were higher than normal and I did a CBC. My doctor has moved and am between doctors. Can someone help me figure out if they are within normal range or should this be of concern?Creatinine U Sample - 72.1 (30-300)
Hi, 
Can anyone out there help? I went to the doctors and the dang A1-C is up to 9.2 again. The doctor is talking insulin down the road if this last med doesn't work. I'm starting on it tomorrow and it's called tradjenta. So far I've reacted badly with Metformin, Glimpiride and now glyburide. Showed the doctor a quart bag of hair I lost on the last one. NOT a pretty site. I need to know if taking animal insulin is better for ones who are severely chemical sensitive. I've been reading how many people react to the lab cooked version and want to try to go as natural as possible as my body is so messed up. I had a compliment from the doctor today when he said he has never met anyone as allergic to meds as I am. It's called &quot;Multiple Chemical Sensitivity&quot; and 17% of the population has a form of it and 3-5% are actually disabled because of it. I know being stressed out doesn't help but I just had my 13 yr old granddaughter land in my lap a month ago and am now dealing with about 10 agencies and a new school to boot. She came with little kids clothes and is in a ladies 5 so I'm driving around hitting clearance racks trying to outfit her. Anyway, thanks for letting me rant. Any help would be appreciated.
Hi Cazo
well a week of Januvia and also my victoza as well as dieting and my numbers are greatly improved. I feel better except yesterday had to eat out due to sink breaking down and no clean dishes to cook so ate out and sugars was still well but then I left my eggs at home when went to work and so had to eat cereal and it took my sugar higher than I ever seen it before so I will never make that mistake again I was at 250! I hate that but that is only once. all others ive been good. a few semi high but not extreme but overall ive been averaging aboutDiabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
The last thing you want to read are warnings and no-nos about
First of all  happy Thanksgiving. Yesterday I did enjoy myself, ate a little more than normal, and tried not to focus to much on how bad I was being, even had a small slice of apple pie. I am not to disappointed as my average sugars are going down so one semi bad day isn't to bad. Ive lost 6.6 pounds with my new diet since Nov. 8 when I was at my dr's. I was at 222 lbs and now down to 215.4 so I am happy thereDiabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
mashed cauliflower (a great substitute for potatoes)
In two weeks I've lowered my sugar ranges which is helping me feel better, started eating healthier and not eating out as much. This week I've only eaten out once! And that was due to overtime and it was a burrito bowl so no tortillas ir bread. Oh and I cheated thanksgiving which took a couple of days for my fasting sugars to recover although they werent to high. I've lost 7.8 pounds according to my scale since my Drs appt on Nov 8. I am really proud. I'm even trying new foods much to my families dismay some they didn't like. Some i liked and they didnt. This week I am gonna buy new cookbooks.Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
hi, anyone tried compression gloves to help with dpn in hands. gp wants me to discuss lyrica with endo as it is in legs and arms. i have read up on it....just thought i'd ask the community for suggestions. tens.....etc. thx
a1c down to 6.6. was 7.8. endo happy.with pain.
thx mate. yep is increase the walkies as pain subsides. awaiting results to gp. shrink agreed with gabapentin, for my research shows it is an adjunct for bi-polar and good efficacy. not as many probs with lamictal than others. keep well.
So Friday I was having bad lower back left pain where it radiated into my ribs and spine, pressure, and hurts less when standing. Saturday night was better but sunday it was back. Also very sensitive to the touch. Touching it made it hurt as well as it made it feel aa if my nerves were on fire. Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
So i am testing everyday after meals and if i feel off. On new meals i test before and after. On Nov 8th they said my average number was 151 with an a1c of 6.9. Bad for me.Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
Er doc last week said sciatica, didn't bother to listen to all my symptoms. I took what he gave me hoping he was correct and it would help. Nope! Only seemed to get worse. Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
Okay love of my life for 20 yrs, former golden globe boxer has been diagnosed with type&quot;3&quot; diabetes, at first he had eye problem diagnosed as detached retina-- went to specialist and diagnosed w/ macular edema... Ruptured blood vessels in eye....no health ins...I am stay at home mom, he is a skilled contractor who literally could build your house from ground up--did I mention  he never saw a doctor in 20 yrs...we were told by eye specialist to get primary doc asap because of his bp--saw one next day,sent for blood tests-- diagnosed w/type 3-- prescribed multiple meds and told to come back in 2 wks-- no pamphlets no advice, no  support--My unfortunate sugar addict finally used blood glucose monitor and plus 200 blood sugar at doctors office went to 103 2 hrs after eating 2 wks after meds- went to Diabetes association And only type 1&2???? Help
I hope everyone has a happy holiday and safe travels if you're on the road.  Please remember to stay on course and not abandon your life-saving food plan!  You can give in to half a piece, half a normal serving, a spoon of this or that but please don't go off the deep end!  Freely eat whatever the meat is and the vegetables but watch out for those mashed potatoes and gravy.  (It's the flour in the gravy, not the fat!)  In fact, in our family we all agreed that the mashed cauliflower was better than the mashed potatoes!  yay
So we thought we knew the issue but guess what? Wrong! The meds Dr gave no longer working and now the pain is going up and down my spine as well as feeling as if someone is squeezing it and twisting it and so much pressure. Went to chiropractor and he took xrays and he says he will look closer but he thinks arthritis and disc degeneration from what he saw. My hips also sore. I feel like getting hit by a bus would be less painful. Barely stand to cook, my sugars started going up slightly and im taking pain meds. Well when it rains it pours. On top of that ill find out Wednesday if i have neuropathy in my toes. I dont think i can take much more. Maybe i will quit diabetes and pain and give it back to the doctor.Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza .6 mg at night
They say that drinking coffee and tea can cause increased urine production, is there a way to actually measure this? With high blood sugar, wouldn't the increase in urination be more frequent and consistent?
Here we are at the start of a New Year!  My wish for all of you is great health, wisdom, reflection, happiness and luck!
Hello all,
ok now that I know the problem with my back now I am going from there. I have never dealt with chronic pain so I am turning here. I am stretching small amounts to help out plus coming up with a plan of action.Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza 1.2  mg in morning and 100 mg Januvia at night
 
I have done two separate recent finger prick blood glucose tests on myself, on the 27th and the other yesterday on the 5th Jan. Both done aboutThe symptoms I've been having don't seem to be relenting. I'm still having occasional bouts of frequent urination where I find I'm sometimes peeing more than I drink and still occasionally waking up at night with a slight sensation of wanting to pee. A mild dry mouth too in the night but no thirst, hunger or tiredness. No other symptoms otherwise.
I have posted here about neuropathy that I wont find online and the doc doesnt mention? What are your symptoms? Do my symptoms seem familiar?
A1c number has risen to 6.4 from 6.2, any recommendation on a program to bring numbers back down to normal, our hospital has normal high at 5.6, American Diabetese has the number at 7.0, any help.....thanks
Good morning,
I've been absent for far too long. As some of you may know, I went through a long period last year of trying to heal up some skin sores. Flashing forward to fall, I was well and feeling sassy again. Fasting glucose in the 100-110 range, A1C running 6.2, no issues. Then on November 15 I had a very small stroke, causing right-sided weakness and slurred speech. I spent three days in the hospital and then three weeks in rehab, getting Physical, Occupational and Speech therapy every day. Now I'm getting outpatient PT and OT twice a week. I'm pretty much back to my pre-stroke status, and feel really lucky because it could have been so much worse. Fortunately I was doing all the things I was supposed to do, my cholesterol and other blood lipids were in the normal range, and so was my blood pressure. 
hi all i have been sick for abouti got AN FASTING GLUKOSE 2 hours my glokose was 5,7 i thought glokose rise after sugar drink but my glokose allmost allways are lower after meals plz help sry my english
Dear All,Regards.
I'm trying to figure out how to keep my blood sugar naturally below 100 fasting, while incorporating protein supplementation/BCCA's or chicken protein to increase muscle gains.
Even though my body does not use up sugar very well, I must have a faster than average metabolism. I can eat a lot and I've always been hungery, but my past being athletic prob made me this way. 
My daughter 44 yrs. old  was just Dx'd with Autoimmune. type 1 Diebetes. Her BS is all over the map .She has a very stressful life and is currently going through a divorce .This diagnosis  couldn't have happened at a worse time.She is so overwhelmed and she has PSTD  and chronic depression. She is waiting for a continuous glucose monitor. Just hoping to hear some words of encouragement from anyone here who may be dealing with this type of diabetes.Thanks,
I've never posted here before.  This is concerning my 72 yr old husband.  Long time Diabetic.Thanks.
I have type 2 diabetes. Long acting shot in the AM plus 3 short acting shots durintg the day. I recently received a cortisone shot in my knees for OA. I really need these shots to walk. My glucose numbers went up to almost 250 the day of the shot and the next day, down to 190. I usually run normal. My question is, can I do anything before hand to stop the spike and how long before the numbers come down to normal. My primary doctor, an internist , said the shots should not have caused this. Has anyone had this happen? Thanks.
Hello, All, I'm returning. A1-C topped out at 9.8 and am now on insulin. They changed the formula of the herbal I was using and it quit working. I'm on Novalog 75/25 and my eyesight is a mess with everything blurry. I'm a month or so in using it and does anyone know how long the eyes stay messed up? I'm now hanging between 120-200 (bottomed out twice at 64) and wasn't sure if this is normal or not. Thanks so much for the help....................Nana Monster.
After a shot today for my shoulder ,I got home and felt really weak in the legs couldn't hardly make it to the bed .checked bs ,300 bp was 90/55.took a nap,bs was 350 bp was 100/67. will this go back down after a while .before bs was 90-135. 
I ended up in the ER lastnight and upon them checking blood tests my glucose ended up being 248. My feet have felt prickly kind of like the tips of my toes fell asleep.I don't even know where to start...
Lanie:
Hi Chaul again.  I think having a &quot;CGM&quot; (continuous glucose monitor) would be very helpful and practical.  Here is a link to one manufacturer, Medtronic.  (I am not endorsing them.  It's just one maker.  There must be others.)  
Confused.  Is one better then the other.  Whey, Egg, Casein, Soy, Pea, and so on.  I've been doing Love and Peas: https://www.naturessunshine.com/us/product/love-and-peas-sugar-free-15-servings/3087/ for 2 weeks as a meal replacement for breakfast and lunch and my sugars are still elevated.  Trying to get my sugar under control.  A1C 9.3....  Ouch.  On once a day 50 units Tresiba at night.
I am posting for my Mom. She is 80 yrs old & taken off Metformin because of poor kidney function. She has awful Drs. She is on Glyburide 2 pills am & pm & Lantus 14 u at bedtime(she was taking her Insulin in the am). Her sugars are 133-168 fasting. She has not had any education from Endocrinologist office as to diet. Any advice or guidance appreciated.
Hi everyone,I have been suspecting that I may have reactive hypo’s, and was hoping someone could help me interpret my test. It wasn’t fasting, and I had a bagel with cream cheese before the test and my glucose was 102, and my insulin was 6.2, and my a1c is 4.6. What does this mean?
many years ago they tested me by ct scan and told me once before I may have crohns but then when they did the colonoscopy they said no so I was happy.Diabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza 1.2  mg in morning and 100 mg Januvia at night
I have found a little article here is it:
 
My question is does the insulin break down when stored in the heat? I've been leaving one tube on Humalog in the car for my breakfast shot and one in the bathroom for my night shot. We actually had a couple of 90 degree days here in Upstate NY and I am now experiencing the insulin breath again. It had toned down for a while and now it's back and that is the only thing changed. I do between 13-16 units morning and night depending on stress levels and what I've eaten and it keeps it below 150 as a rule. Has anyone else had this issue with the breath? It's NOT the sweet breath people talk about Thanks for the input.
I started victoza Tuesday 6/5/2018 as my A1C has gone up despite 1,000mg daily of Metformin.Has anyone dealt with this?
I have type 2 diabetes, Crohn's disease and am also showing symptoms of Lupus. My pain was getting so bad that I was given a prescriptHas anyone here had to deal with prednisone while being a type 2 diabetic?  Any advice? I emailed my family doctor but he's not too good at returning messages. Thanks.
FYI. Been studying IAP in relation to colitis, and ran across this paper.
&nbsp;has news, informative articles, resources,&nbsp;video webcasts, books, links, and much more.&nbsp; So, stop by and see what we have to offer beyond our community forums.
bump
I'm still getting used to being recently diagnosed with Type 2 (2 1/2 months ago)&nbsp;and i am on metformin 500mg 3 times a day but recent blood tests show that my iron levels are low. Anemia runs in the family. My doctor put me on ferrous sulphate 600mg a day. The side affects are rough, but I have to take them. Along with my change in diet I feel that I spend most of my time going to the toilet. I have had to go through a complete lifestyle change, and my body is having a rough time, here comes the silly question. 
That's a pretty drastic dose ... how high were your BS readings?
Hi there,               All said and done taking thrice daily metformin and plain ferrous sulphate is a cocktail you want to be without!Check it out with your Doctor!
I hear you Dizzy, I just was diagnosed with Type II diabetes in April.  I wonder how long it will take as well.  I take 500 mg metformin at breakfast and 100 mg at dinner time. For some reason my morning blood sugars are always too high.  They want them to be under 120 but they are usually in the 130 to 140s range.  jano
Hi, I'm new here. I just read the 2006 post from Warren aboutThanks so much for all your help.

i have never had experience with this personally, but FYI, there was a court case a few years back.&nbsp; an older person had run a stop sign or something and had caused a minor accident.&nbsp; the defense was that his blood sugar had been low.&nbsp; the judge ruled that this was NOT defensable.&nbsp; in other words, it is our responsibility as diabetic drivers to make sure that this does not happen.&nbsp; if low BS sneeks up on you, test before you drive.&nbsp; i have a medical id braclet, and i also have an id necklack hanging from my rear view mirror, in case of an accident.&nbsp; 
I have heard of this, especially if you're hypoglycemic because the ketones on your breath smell like alcohol. We should all be wearing Medical Id bracelets for safety reasons and I haven't gotten mine yet... Must be more denial... Still having problems with that darn denial...
i do not have diabetes myself, so i would really appreciate the advice and perspective of someone who does. my best friend found out she has diabetes a few years back, and it took her forever to admit it. i was there when they diagnosed her in the hospital, yet she denied having it for a long time.  now, she still doesnt tell people.  that is not what is bothering me though...the real issue is that she eats more junk food than i do.  she is on medications to help it, but she goes waaay to far.  she eats carbs, desserts and candy and goes too far with alcohol.  she gets sick often (hmm wonder why) but she always blames it on something else.  i tell her that i am concerned for her health because i care about her a lot, and that i know its hard (i have ulcerative colitis so i can relate to living with a disease).  i have tried to talk to her about it more than once but it doesnt help.....i have pretty much given up saying anything when she starts in on a slurpee, chocolate bar, pie, or whatever....because she just gets mad and defensive or says im lecturing her on what she already knows (but doesnt necessarily accept).  i know she just wants to be &quot;normal&quot; but its really risky....did any of you have problems with accepting your diagnosis like this? is there any advice i could pass on to her? IS there anything i could say to her that might stop her from hurting herself?
I am a late on-set type 1. I hate to think that the way she is going to learn is to end up with peripheral vascular disease like I have now.  I have kept my diabetes under good control but as one doctor told me, the damage was done early before I was under control.  I have had frozen shoulder, numb toes, and coming up my foot.  She may think she is all right now, but diabetes mixed with some other problems has caused Renal problems. I am on the pump with excellent levels, but something new seems to always shows up.
Hi There,
thanks for all the replies.... i have not posted anything for a long time because i was having some surgery ..large intestine removed :(  I dont think shes really listening to me though...but i am just as stubborn as she is so i wont shutup lol
Is there anyone on the board using humilog?&nbsp; If so how do you like it and how do you take it.&nbsp; My PCP want me to cover with humilog so I'll start tomorrow.
Hi, Gilbert.&nbsp; 
Hi~
I've been on Humalog for about 3 years now. I love it.
i find humalog gr8 gives me very gud control 
Hi. I have had type 1 diabetes for 14 years now. I really don't know anyone else with type 1 diabetes. It would be interesting to hear from others with this disease. Anyone out there also with type 1 diabetes??
Hey JudyP,
my little brother was just diagnose with type 1 diabetes and it was a touch and go for awhile. I had to go and take care of my mom and dads house and rest of their children so they could stay at the hospital with my brother he was in the hospital for 2 weeks he was just about in a coma. but he is doing very well now. he is 9 years old and he is more bravior then all of us in my family. we is able to give himself his own shoots and check his blood. he has taught me things about diabetes. i am so proud of him.  the only thing is even thou he is doing well, he sugar level is going up and down so high and then so low, and it really scares my mom alot. so what could i say to her to make her feel better?
I've had type 1 for 28 years.
Fragile I,Hi, I am new to this site also.  I have been a Type I diabetic for 21 years.  I take Lantus and Humulog.  I have been on the Lantus for 9 years, started when it first came available.  I love it and will stay with it until they come up with something better.  Carb counting has certaintly reduced my highs and lows.  Spent 19 years guessing, took awhile to figure out my personal ratio.  The average diabetic takes 1 unit per 15 carbs.  I however take 1 unit per 8 carbs.  Because I take so much insulin I am not a canidate for the pump, doesn't hold enough insulin.  This is a full time illness, and I to have learned to give it my full attention.  Don't ignore the signs and symptoms!!
My son, Dylan, was diagnosed with diabetes last summer.&nbsp; (at age 4). 
Dano,
Gilbert,dano
Hello My son has diabetes and he is 14. He has had it for 3 years now. Glad your son is doing good. My son's sugar stays high. All he wants to do is eat. well just wanted to let you know you are not alone. and I'm new here.             Kathy
&nbsp;Hello all. I have type 2 diabetes and crohns. I have a very physical and demanding job. The trouble is when I am hard at work my blood sugar drops rapidly and I get weak. Do any of you have a snack or food that brings you back fast. I have tried colas, oj, raisins. It still takes longer than I have to sit and wait. The company I work for has no patients , I am trying to keep my job.&nbsp; Help please...James
gschmitt ,,I eat bananas too. I just can't seem to get past the warn out feeling when I push hard.
Hi I'm new here and this is my first post.  I was wondering if anyone else has ever had a seizure due to pain?  Not like head trauma pain, but just accident pain.  I've had approximately 52 Grand-Mal seizures in the past 30 years.  All of these seizures except one have had to do with pain.  Once I got bit by a dog, once my back popped out of place, once I fell down some stairs.  On and on and on. I'm now awaiting diagnosis because as a child my pediatrician just told my mother not to let me hurt myself.  about a month ago I had a GM for what seemed to be no apparent reason.  My husband found me in the bathroom and took me to the ER.  They referred me to a neurologist who in turn referred me to the epileptologist.  I am now awaiting results on EEG and MRI.  I am now no longer allowed to drive.  It just seems as though pain has never really been listed as a trigger.  Even the epi said that it was strange.  Is there anyone else out there who has seizures due to pain?  Any response is appreciated.
Well I got my test results back and had an appointment to go over them with my epileptologist who came right out and said, &quot;I don't know why.  Take the lamictal, and I'm going to up your dose.&quot;  When I was a child I would have seizures from mild pain.  As I got older it would take more intense pain to cause them.  One thing that was abnormal on my eeg was my heart rate.  My blood pressure was 90/66 and my pulse went from 60 to 110 during the eeg.  My epi feels as if I need to go back to the cardiologist to have something called a holster test to record heart rate for 24 hours.  He also said that pain is an extremely rare trigger and that I am the first patient that he has ever met with this.  He said that he was pretty sure that I am epileptic but since the eeg/mri was inconclusive and that he could not tell whether my seizures are caused by electrical impulses, he couldn't say for sure.  I have to return to him in 3 months, preferably(to him) after I have had this holster test.  Perhaps your friends daughter could have her heart checked too?  I honestly don't know what is wrong with me.  3 months ago after having tests to double check my heart, the cardiologist said that I was fine.  He did not do this holster test though.  Good luck and if my cardiologist wants to do this test, I will keep you posted if it has anything to do with my pain triggered seizures.
Hello Beci, My daughter was having seizures every time she got hurt or her body was in pain. We did do a blood test and her vitamin D level was super low. she now take it in a large dose two times a week and has been seizure free. Hope this helps....Okonner
i do not have the pain thing, but i have a son, and its very important that is you are considering children you start taking folic acid now, to offset any effects the meds may have on the baby.
I have pain induced seizures as well but all the doctors I've gone to say its nothing.  Needless to say, it freaks me out hugely.  I'm only 16, but I've had 12+ seizures.  When I was six, a metal bar was dropped out my head, everything went fuzzy and I don't remember what happened words, but my babysitter said I had convulsions.  Every seizure I had until i was 15 was head-trauma related when I rolled my ankle on a date and had a seizure on front of my boyfriend.... :/ I thought it was rare, as my doctor informed me that it was &quot;weird&quot; until I started searching the internet for others.  Thank for letting me know I'm not crazy(: I would love to find out what in the world is wrong with our crazy brains(:
I'm 99% sure that this was a vasovagal syncope (pain-induced seizure), related to where I got bit and my body position at the time.  The bite was directly over my watch which pressed down into the main artery running through my arm to my hand.  My body did not hurt at all after the seizure, although I still felt semi-nauseous for much of the day after having been bit.
I agree, it sounds like syncope to me. I used to faint occasionally for no discernible reason. I did it one time when I was up for the first time after surgery. I was in a wheelchair with my leg extended in front of me, so I couldn't fall or lie down. As I regained consciousness I was aware that I was having tonic-clonic seizure activity. Simply put, we faint because for whatever reason our brains aren't getting enough blood; if we can't get our heads down to remedy the situation we convulse. I've never had a seizure in my life except for that episode.Moderator, thyroid forum
I have been weaning off of topamax from 400mg to 200mg a day now 75 I have severe hair damage and breakage I take biotin and all vitamins. Will the breakage stop? will my hair recover and start to grow back normal? Please help!
bethann123   I have taken 500mg of Topamax a day for several years now, my hair does fluctuate between becoming very thin and thicking back up. My hair care persons wife had cancer a few years ago so he carrys Nioxin at his shop. I started using it as my shampoo and it seemed to make a differance. Just a possibity for you to try, it seemed to help with me. I also cut my hair mega short to make the thin hair look like more, it actually stimulated my hair to grow thicker. Just a couple of things you might want to try. Monte
My migraines have decreased a lot.&nbsp; I'm currently on 200 2x daily.&nbsp; My seizure control is lousy of late, and am back on Neurontin as well, 600 3x daily but still having about one&nbsp;seizure&nbsp;every 2 weeks.&nbsp; I have no idea why.&nbsp; I was having total control with just Neurontin and an HS diazepam for 3 years.&nbsp; Still not taking the&nbsp;bedtime diazempam but I just can't tolerate the diazepam any more, it was ruining my life zzzz, but that's another story.&nbsp; Migraine control has been fantastic, down to one or fewer a week from one every other day or MORE.&nbsp; I was the Imitrex poster child.
Hello, I would like to address the hair issue with Toppamax, I was one of the first people to use the drug when it came out, I was put on a study through Mayo Clinic, I had terrible hair loss, My doctor put me on Zinc and prenatal vitamins, it seemed to really help, Be careful with the Zinc, it needs to be in the orm of Oxide, as most Glutamates in any form can cause seizure problems.good Luck!

I do not have epilepsy myself, I am the mother of 2 who do, however. Some neuros will not do the VNS unless you are ruled out for brain surgery, others will do either.I wish you the best of luck and hope the intercranial testing goes well. Best wishes for a better life with control!
I've had the brain surgery done. Because technology wasn't as good as it is today when I had my first brain surgery, I had to have another brain surgery later on in life. My seizures aren't completely controlled, but my life is much better now than what it was before surgery.Becky

I have been looking at VNS for my son,and I have been advised by our surgeon the same result as Donna's son,I was told after extensive testing that&nbsp;VNS&nbsp;was our only option sice he was not a candidate for surgery.&nbsp;VNS does not show immediate&nbsp;results like the meds do,the meds usually ease off the seizures,then wears off in time as we all know and experienced.

Howdy Jen!Do you list the other message boards in your links? The one that I posted has a sharper focus and has participants who would probably be able to answer most questions related to the VNS. 



Shadow1100,PaLady
Aurora,PaLady
Aurora,PaLady
I have to echo Randy's thoughts.  PaLady


I do have to disagree with Jeff, because of my positive experience as stated, with dilantin for decades with minimal side effects.  Grace I wonder why you're on klonopin and ativan together.  They're very similar.  And all of these are CNS depressants so my thoughts are talk with your doctor about

Jeff,PaLady
Flowmaster,PaLady





I really do want to clarify I never intended to bash anyone and definitely don't think any medication is a monster.  I think anything that helps a person be seizure free, or as close as possible, is the right thing for that person.  I'm sure if I was young and just having my epilepsy diagnosed that dilantin would not be the first drug of choice, but it's also true when a medication has worked for me for decades I see no reason to change it.  And I've discussed this with my neurologist off and on over the years and he's in agreement, although he would chancge me if I wanted.  But that in itself is a scary thought because there's no guarantee I wouldn't have a seizure while changing meds.,and it might take awhile to find a med. that controlled my seizures as well as dilantin.PaLady
Good Morning again everyone,MistyGirl
Hi Jeff, Thank you for your reply. My doc thinks that a lot of my memory loss is from the car accident. But I guess we will never know for sure. I do have my foggy moments, I hope that it doesnt make me like i cant remember anything. I have so many wonderful memories, I have two children. After reading this site i have so many questions to ask my doctor.  I know eveybody reacts a different way to medicine, but i dont know whether to be scared of Dilantin or have faith in it. My neighbor is on the same medicine you are on, and she was sooooo miserable. She couldnt remember her name, she was so sick. She didnt want anyone around her (including her children). When I saw her like that, I felt so bad for her.  I wasnt on any medicine at that time. Hearing you say that you are fine, and feel great is great to hear. This is all so new to me, i fell obsessed with me having a seizure and having to take Dilantin eveyday. I wonder if and when it gonna happen again. I just cant relax! I read what everyone has or is going through, its amazing to me. It could be worse for me. My life changed in an instant, and im just trying to grab ahold of that and live my life. I feel like such a burden. I feel so depressed at times, and all i can do is cry. My daughter is 6, and we had to take her to my mother-in-law's 4 hours away to finish the school year. I cant drive, my husband is in the military, and flys. I have to leave her door closed, cause i hate not seeing her there. Its just hard
Sorry for the long novel before but I had a few things I wanted to make clear. I am sure that Dilantin works fine for some people but it didn't work for me. I just wish my neurologist had tried other things since I didn't have seizure control. As an analyst, we never add something new without testing it first. It compounds the problems if you do. The fact that my neurologist (over time) added two medications to my Dilantin really compounded my problem because I still had seizures (and I was a zombie to boot). We have to be our own doctors and I had to test my medication to see what each of the three meds was doing to me and for me. Once that was done, 1 pill of Lamictal controls my seizures. The memory issue since surgery still concerns me but this topic is about
So you take Lamictal and Trileptal? I just want advice from anyone that can give it to me. i have no desire to hear bashing. We're all adults, everybody bodies are different.
Oh, I read that you wrote Gumfoot that you asked you doc to take you off the Dilantin and put you on Lamictal. My confusion.  Im glad you're better
Flowmaster00,

I will stay on the Dilantin. Im not having any siezures. And I pray it stays that way. I get my blood level checked every 3 to 4 weeks for  now. Im very in touch with my doc. Thank you for all the advice
i have been on dilantin a few times with out it working, but this time i am on 600mg a day.. but i feel soo tired and i think its mking me crazy, my thoughts are all messed up and depressed.
I've been on Dilantin for 27 years. I take 400mg daily.&nbsp;I just recently went through my first episode of Dilantin Toxicity and it was not nice. I had a level&nbsp;of&nbsp;just over 46&nbsp;and was on 20 mg of celexa at the same time. My dizziness or vertigo which I thought it was just got worse and worse. I thought all of this had to do with my celexa, while it did play a part, boy was I wrong. The depression, lethargy, enability to eat or get outta bed, eratic thoughts, suicidal thoughts, dizziness, I was a frickin mess. The Drs. decided to stop the Dilantin til the levels came down which is never a good idea for someone like me who cant miss it 2 days or I go into Grand Maus. They gave me 5mg valium to stop the petite maus&nbsp;while waiting for 2 days before starting me at 100mg for 2 days&nbsp;then 200mg for 3 days now 300mg and my Celexa is&nbsp;now at&nbsp;30mg. I'm feelingl tired still&nbsp;but the head is on tight and the will to get up and eat and do something is back.&nbsp;All this time the Drs. wanted a Dilantin level check over the years and I never really thought much about it. I figured I aint havin a seizure, it's doin what it's suppossed to. Glad I know now. I hope this might help somebody.&nbsp;&nbsp;
If PALady is still on this board... I would love to chat with you. I am on Dilantin too and have been told to get off of it, but I have had such a great life on Dilantin (so far!) My brain does show some problems on the latest MRI, but I am still upset at possibly making the change. Anyone have good stories about Lamictal? That's what they want to put me on.... Oh and PA Lady, I am a teacher too... would love to chat.

I just recently switched to topomirate as well. I havent seen any difference except for the price.&nbsp; I also&nbsp;got switched to the generic brand of lamictal. They both seem to work fine though.&nbsp;
I haven't used this med but have worked in pharmacuetical QC.  Generics and brand names are often produced in the same contracted noname labs.  They all must adhere to the same QC standards.  The only difference is the label and the price.Hope things work out well for you.

Hello, I was switched to the generic for Topamax and had many breakthrough seizures. I had to back to the brand. I will not go back and try again. It is not worth the risk to me. I am great on the brand and have been taking it for about 9 yrs. I take the brand Lamictal XR; it is not available in generic, even tho the regular Lamictal is. I may try the XR when it becomes available in generic at some point. I used to take generic Lamictal and had no problems. My neuro wanted me on the timed released as I used to take Tegretol XR which worked good except for the ringing in the ears. i was on it 9 years also. Thx for the info,
I know this is an old topic but I'm interested to see that others have had trouble with this switch. I was on Topamax for years - a relatively small dose to control CHRONIC migraines. I was getting them more than once a month and they last at least a week. Well last summer I asked and found out there was a generic so I was happy to save - cut to months later and I'm having just as many migraines as I did pre-Topamax. I contacted my Rx 'coverage', if there is a generic they cover about/disappointed.
I was reading up on this yesterday and the gist of what you stated about
I also take Topamax and now the generic, and have been switched several times with several different companies, I would pick up my script and have completely different looking pills, and I thought, how strange! I take them for migraines (auras without the pain) and I have had more incidences with my visual auras coming on and off since the switch to the generic brand.&nbsp; However, like the op stated, it is so much cheaper and I went from paying 65 dollars down to 15, but no, I don't believe it works as well.
I took Topamax for 4 1/2 years for migraine.&nbsp; I've had horrible side effects with the generic.&nbsp; I also suffer from anxiety and &nbsp;panic attacks (which I had under control) but came back with a venegeance a month after I started the generic.&nbsp; Instead of attributing them to the drug, I thought that my anxiety worsened (although there was no trigger.)&nbsp; It became unbearable, tremors, muscles tightening in my chest, panic attacks that lasted hours.&nbsp; I'm a college instructor and I could barely make it through my classes.&nbsp; Yesterday I finally went to see my old psychiatrist, because I thought I needed more anxiety medication.&nbsp; She asked if i was still taking topamax and if I had switched to the generic last july.&nbsp; She told me that 90 percent of her patients taking toprimate had 4 to 6 times the side effects they had as opposed to those they experienced with topamax.&nbsp;Most are unlike me taking it for bipolar disorder, and had manic episodes as well as severe anxiety. &nbsp;She said that she had her patients switch back.&nbsp; I'm not happy about paying the extra deductable and copay, but Topamax worked and I'm not going to continue to be a guniea pig while pharmaceutical companies perfect the formulation and insurance companies try to force the cheaper and sometimes inferior generics at me.&nbsp; 
Would anybody lik to chat with me in the epilepsy chat room?Dog Lover 23

&nbsp;
I had my first seizure at work in 1998.  I just passed out and woke up throwing up over the trash can. I was in my forty's and had never had a problem before in my life.  I was getting exposed to flea spray with permethrin in it. I also had a lot of flea powder in my house, and my little dog was having seizures and was put on phenobarbitol. I cleaned out all the carpets in my house and got rid of all the permethryn and my dog no longer has seizures and no longer takes medication, but, I am still having problems.  My wife was complaining about bugs in the house and had put the permethrin on my clothes. I think this has caused me to start having seizures, and now, I am on trileptal, which is lowering my sodium levels. I don't know if this is now causing me problems.  Any one else having been exposed to pesticides and then start having seizures??
&nbsp;I just wanted to throw this topic out in the open and ask 
We have been through an EMU or Video EEG 3 times. Our fourth is sometime this winter
I was in the EMU this March, and only had to do it once.  I was in for 9 days, though.

Nice to meet you Jill!  And Niki! :)-Em
Jill and Niki, your story inspires me so much!  I myself have epilepsy and in a few years, after I'm done with college, hope to help other children with epilepsy and seizure disorders.  It's great to know that there are people out there that are truly affected in a great and powerful way!  Hope she keeps doing great!

I'd say it possibly sounds like a migrane. But I'd say more definitely, go to your doctor. They're paid to listen to 'weird symptoms'. If you're having something possibly related to a head injury, which sounds rather unpleasant and which is getting worst, you need medical advice. It might just pass away over time and, you know, might not. Take care of yourself.
Did you get any answer from the doctors about this? I think they are migraine auras, i get auras daily for weeks then they stop for a while, i get the odd flash but mine are mostly numbness and tingling in fingers and tongue but they are quite unpleasanr feelings to have to deal with on a daily basis..you sound as though you have a similare thing, they will probably just stop like mine do.
I am new to this.&nbsp; I was diagnosed with petit mal epilepsy at age 5.&nbsp; I had seizures until age 7.&nbsp; I had tried numerous meds.&nbsp; Either they didn't control my seizures or the side effects were horrible.&nbsp; I was swizure free until the early 90's.&nbsp; I was diagnosed with epilepsy in 2002 by an Army neuologist.&nbsp; my current neurologist did an EEG on June 30, 2004.&nbsp; it was abnormal and "potentially epileptogenic".&nbsp; She thought I might have Frontal Lobe Epilepsy.&nbsp; She tried me on Keppra, Carbatrol, and Dilantin.&nbsp; Again, the side effects were horrible. I asked her about VNS.&nbsp; She sent me to a seizure clinic.&nbsp; They told me that they wanted to see 3 seizures.&nbsp; The day I had my first seizure, the tech told me that the epuipment wasn't working properly.&nbsp; The next morning, the doc came in and said my EEG was normal and I had Psychogenic Non-epileptic Seizure Disorder and sent me home.&nbsp; Is it possible for epilepsy to just go away?&nbsp; Is it possible to have an abnormal EEG and NOT have epilepsy?&nbsp; She sent me to a psycologist who feels I DO have epilepsy.&nbsp; Can't find another doc in my area that is convered by my insurance that isn't part of my current doc's medical group.&nbsp; HELP!!&nbsp; What should I do??   
I was told by MY neuro that I have epilepsy.  When I was sent to the seizure center (Froedert in Milwaukee, WI) they sent me home after seing only one seizure.  The neuro there said that there was no abnormalities on my EEG and sent me home after telling me it was a typical seizure for me.  (How would he know what a typical seizure is for me?  He'd never seen one of my seizures, my wife wasn't there to tell him if it was, and he never showed me the video for me to try and tellhim if it was based on what my wife has described to me.  In my research, I have discovered that typically the first seizure you have in a seizure center is NOT a typical seizure because you are not in your normal environment and that trying to induce a seizure will typically induce an abnormal seizure.  Also, my neuro in her notes said that my 30 min EEG in June showed &quot;During hyperventilation, frontally predominant high ampilatude theta activity&quot;  which she later went on to say was abnormal and &quot;potentially epileptogenic&quot;.  Also, she noted that she thought it might be Frontal Lobe epilepsy.  Which I have discovered is very commonly misdiagnosed as non-epileptic seizures.  She's now trying to pin the &quot;seizures&quot; on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder once she found out I was an Army Ranger for 9 years.  Which military AND civilian docs have said I don't have.  She contradicts herself consitently from visit to visit.  There are no other neuros in my area that are covered by my insurance that aren't in her medical group.  So, I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to get an unbiased 2nd opionon.  I have been injured by the local hospital causing me to have surgery on my right shoulder in Sept when 15 male nurses, firefighters, police, and hospital security piled on top of me trying to restrain me when I was in the post ictal period after a seizure.  I had become combative with a First Responder at the scene after my wife had told him repeatedly not to touch me until I could respind to my first name.  I has sedatated once on the way to the hospital and then again at the hospital.  THEN, I was sent to a mental Institution on a 72 hour mental hold where I was made to undress in front of a female staff member while she watched me take a shower, told that if I didn't behave that I would be put in a room I wouldn't like, told that if I didn't behave they would take my kids from me, I and my neuro were both told that if I had a seizure while I was there and accidentally damaged any property or inadvertantly hit someone I would be arrested and charges would be filed, AND they didn't have any meds for me and I wasn't allowed to take my own.  I need help!!!  I'm at a total loss as to what to do.  Sorry to just completely vent on you folks like this.  But, it just seemed to pour out of me.  It's been a long time since I've been able to really talk about this.  I had nightmares about being held down for weeks afterwards and I'm deathly afraid to go to ANY hospital now.  Thanks for your kind words and your advice.

Kayakmom,Shaun
Oh man, I am so sorry to read about what you've been through Shaun!  -Em

Good luck with this and I hope Montel can help you.  He is very in tune to all health issues due to his MS.  I am crossing my fingers for you!  Let us know how it turns out.  Hope you are feeling a little better today.  I do.  Maybe cause it stopped raining :) Tracy
Wow that sounds really fun and interesting.  (The E Camp) That would be such a wonderful project.  I don't know much about how to get something like that started but that is awsome.  I hope you get some rest.  Sleep is important especially when you aren't feeling so well.  Thank you for the well wishes, I think that they helped.  I hope you feel better.  Tell you wife hello for us.  Tracy :)
I know how you feel about being diagnosed and such.&nbsp; I had my first seizure at the age of 8 in a clinic waiting room with my mom who is a nurse and has specialized in neurology.&nbsp; I wasn't diagnosed fully with Epilepsy until I was 15- I didn't have a seizure for 5 or 6 years and now I have one every six months or so which isn't too bad considering some people have them every day.&nbsp; The one problem I have with my Epilepsy is the convincing it took to get me fully diagnosed.&nbsp; Every test they have ever done on me has always been normal- I had tons of sleep-deprived EEGs, and an EEG right after having a seizure and they have all been normal.&nbsp; I have at MRIs and cat-scans and all different tests yet there is no abnormalities.&nbsp; My mom has witnessed almost every seizure I've had and varifies that they are totally Secondary Generalized tonic-clonic seizures, even people at the hospital, or clinic where i've had some of them said they were seizures but it took 7 years for me to truly diagnosed and actually treated.&nbsp; I just wish there was a reason why, I don't want something to be wrong with me but I wish there was something that the doctor's could point to and say- this is why you have seizures.&nbsp; So, I just wanted to say, I know how your feeling- I&nbsp;had one seizure and then went years without having one and now they're back!&nbsp; I guess all we can do is find a way to cope with them.&nbsp; GOOD LUCK HALO! 

I totally agree Randy- staying on meds is always good even if you haven't had any seizures in a while!
Hi guys,
Now it makes sense.
oh Shaun I am so Happy for you.  Hopefully this will help you get on the road for proper treatment.  It is sad though to hear all of that testing is destroyed.  But none the less you have somthing to work with now and that is great.  How is your wife doing?  WEll talk to you soon take care Tracy
Hi to you from Ontario and welcome to the wonderful world of epilepsy.
Many of them also lower the seizure threshold. Drink LOTS of water to help loosen things up can help a little....
My uncle is a pharmacist and suggested I use Anefrin Nasal Spray for colds because basically all cold medicine has Sudafed (sp?) in it which lowers my seizure threshold.   The nasal spray can be found at basically any store- we just got the Walgreens brand.  The only downside of the nasal spray is you can only use it for 3 days in a row.  hope that helps!
Thanks alot charliesmom how kind of you to post.  I have had my thyroid level check and it was borderline hypo when I went.  They said they were just going to retest me in another month.  So I have to go in and get that taken care of next week.  I have gained weight and cannot loose it since being on the keppra.  The neuro said it isn't the keppra.  I don't know.  But thank you. Tracy
The person who posted about the Thyroid is right.
I would love some documentation to support that Keppra causes weight gain.  My neuro keeps telling me no and I don't see that listed in anything I read about the drug.  Except for on forums.  I haven't had another TC since the start of keppra, but put on 20 pounds like that and CAN NOT loose them for anything.  Five days a week of cardio for 2 months won't do it nothing will.  Help please forward some kind of official respectable link that shows this information so I can give it to my doc.
I am so tired of friends and family telling me if I forget it is my medicaton.I had another med. added last week. Phenobarbital.I a'm know taking four  medicatoins for my seizures. I was taking five but one effected my pancreas, that would be Depakote. I was in the hospital five days for that. They also had started me on Tegratol and took me off that in the hospital. I have on an average 3-5 seizures a week. Well yesterday my husband and I were at some friends for an early Thankgiving dinner. There was a silly mix up and my friend explained it was my seizure medications. Needless to say I was very hurt and mad at her. I will say, I have a note book to write things down and sometimes I forget to write but for now on I will not wait to the end of the night to do it. I have had seizures since 1997. they have only been poorly controlled by medications since Nov. of 2001. I am now taking Keppra 2500 mgs, Dilantin 700m gs , Klonopin 1.5mgs and now the Phenobarbital 64.8mgs.I guess I just needed to vent with someone who can understand.If anyone can give me some ideas on how to deal with people about my seizures and medication in a  nice way I would appreciate it. Thanks for reading this.//////Mary 
Tracy, Thank you for listening to me. Just to know someone understands is a big help. I wish you the best also.God Bless you. Mary
stopped almost all meds for a couple of weeks. now, not stabilizing even w/doctors' advice on taking meds again. now having more temporal lobe seizures than ever in my life. been under some serious stress. was in e-room  last week when i couldn't stop seizing/cycling, and eeg here showed seizures. neuro. wants me to go back to hospital for 5 days to have 24-hour eeg there plus to record on video. don't want to do it. probably won't seize there. too calm. stress makes me both sieze/cycle. .about ready to just give up. know what you mean about too many meds.Linda
RandyI had two boys it's the nature of the beast for boys to test your stress level. My youngest is 25., married with 3 kids all under the age of five. That boy still can stress me out.My oldest son committed suicide 6 years ago when he was 20. About 6 months before he did ,he asked me if Bipolar ran in our family. I really did not know. He had gone through a drug rehab. Was clean for 1and a half years. his father and I were divorced then. I had not remarried yet. Come to find out on my dad's side of the family there are a few Aunts, Uncles, and cousins who were or are Bipolar. That and a song he wanted me to listen to about moms, as I think back were the only signs  that he gave that something was not right. I can beat myself up about it. Not finding out if he was Bipolar. Maybe he would still be alive. But you can never go back. But God I never thought anything could hurt so much. The note he left was very short. He said he hit rock bottom and wanted to go to the other side.But you did not want to he all that. My husband was diagnoised 17 years with Bipolar. We might be a bit older then you. I did not learn until he was hospitalised that so was his dad. He had a bit of depression last night. He use to be a pilot and a aviation mech. but do to his Bipolar he can't do either. So take away a mans lively hood and that really hurts. I found giving him my undivived attention helps when he is like this.I have a cousin hows son is Bipolar. He looks normal so she thinks he is lazy.She has MS.It's like if you can't see something wrong then it is not there. I am new to using a commuter so if you could tell me where to go on this to write long responses that would realy help.This is for sure not a Guick reply Thanks.///Mary
Randy I did not tell you about my son for you to fell sorry for me. I want to be possitive towards people. I know when I mention my son who died and the way he died people do not know what to say. I'm sorry I put you in that position.I just wanted to say about how he asked me if Bipolar ran in our family. I am usually a very positive person.I know my son is in Heaven and my DAD and STEPDAD have kicked his butt. I am vey happy with our 3 grandchildren. We do have a lot in common. We have Epilepsy, our intestens can reak havoc on us,and we both have dear loved family members who are Bipolar. How can to people from different Countries have such tings in common?I pray I did not give you the idea about suicide for you son because of mine asking about being Bipolar From what I have heard in the past 6 years my son had some heavy problems. But that is from his friends so I take it with a grain of salt. Just be patient with son.Being Bipolar is no piece of cake, niether is Epilepsy or IBS.Take Care///MAry
Randy off to a good Happy start. It is Tahnksgiving morning  . We have had our first snow fall. Everything looks so clean and white. I am not taking the Phenobabital again until I talk to my Neuro. My intestines have flared up. My family doctor called me in some Donnantol which has belladonna/phenobarb in it. I had them call it in a different Drug store. I had a coupon for 20 dollars there if I got a script filled there. My husband thought I should not be going to a different drug store. But it's a woman thing 20 dollares free ,xmas coming up how could I pass. I even called where I get my meds always filled. The Pharmasist said it would not interact with my other meds.Well I got toxic on it . I sounded like a drunk talking. I was walking ok though. But my memory was not very good. My Neuro. is great. they do have a many in their pratice not just one.I have tried so many meds. for seizures.My doctor told me my seusurses were caused by my ex-husband. Scar tissue shiftted a few years later that started my seizures.(my ex- husband could get very violent at times). It has only been the last 3 years that my seisures are weekly or more. I am so sorry about your sister.that must hurt you alot.It is just a waste of a human. I don't know your mother, but I do know there were NEURO'S back then. Some times a mother love her children so much that denial is better then realality. But  for your sister that went way to far.IS there any way (in your buzy life) you could get guardinship over her ?Take here to some Speicialists and have her with the right doctors and meds.? Take care of yourself. Your Friend///Mary
Hi Randy, I do feel thankful that I have a few friends and my parents.  I hope you are having a very happy thanksgiving.  Feel good & take care, Tracy
Shucks that is right I knew that!!  Well have a great day anyhow :) Tracy
mary, I send you huge ((hugs))) I hope you are feeling well, Tracy
You all are a great bunch of people.this past holiday weekend has not been the best due to my seisures. but today the Christmas stuff goes up.it always goes up the day after thanksgivining but i was way to sore to do it.We have a new kitty so some things for Christmas wont go out. Thank the Good Lord I have some friends that would never think of playing on my condition.  Mary
Hello it is me. 
Sounds great!! YOu are not required to tell them before hiring of any medical condition and they are not allowed to ask! Hope it goes well for you!
Glad it went well! Are you having to leave in Mid February? If so, it might be better to tell them 2 weeks ahead so they can fill the job! Sorry you cannot stay there longer, but glad you will have school!Good job!
Tracy, glad everything went well your first day. Im sure the otherdays will go just as well. If you smile, even if it is a tough daythe day will seem good.   Mary
Tracy,How is the job going? Mary
Tracy hope that job is still going good. It must be a great place to work if you even got a bonus. Keep up the good work.     Mary
This is great Tracy,  keep us updated.donna
Tracy,Only you can make that choice.  I had an aunt that once told me what ever you decide to do in life make sure you can live with it. I'm sure you will make the right choice. Please keep me posted on what you decide to do.       Mary
Hi Scott,
Randy ,you can vent any time you want with me.When I got married at the age of 41 I had never been married before. My wife already had epilesy and a 18 yr old son that moved in with us .Her oldest son had comitted siuicide. She had to have her youngest son with her. That was for one and a half years.He was dx at a young age of having ADHD. From what my wife will says he did self medicate himself alot to try to stay focused.As for being bipolar I stick to what my Dr gives me and talk to the case workers they send to my home.You also have to learn how to deal with the syptoms. With my bipolar I will at times here voices for me if I rhytme the voices back they will stop. These are not voices you hear with your ears you hear them with your mind. This is just an example . What your son is going through is very very really even if he looks so normal.Sleeping is getting away from all the syptoms and side effects. But as my wife does for me and I do for her know matter how bad we feel we can't give into it. There are times that my wife just has to stop it all and sleep after a seizure. On occasion I will just stay in bed. Neither of us can work so it is important to get exercize whether you want to or not. you feel better being bipolar if you do get your butt out of bed and cut the grass or go for a really long walk. Hope I gave you just a little insight. You can vent to me any time. If you want I will just let you know  got you and not say any thing else.  Scott (keep in touch)
Hi! Jen, I do have bipolar but i've been talking with Randy. Mary got a call today to go to the epilepsy clinic in AnnArbor, Michigan for tomorrow. that is quick for an appointment there. Her neurolgist just could not get her seizures under control. This is suppose to be a good clinic. All the doctors there only work on seizure patients. She was having way to many which made it very hard on me.I love her alot and hate to see her go through this. I was having to give he the diastat once a day to stop her seizures. Maybe these doctors can find a combination of medicines to slow these bad boys down. She is so affraid to have surgery but she has to keep that as an opption.  Scott

Randy, I would ask the doctor if there is something that you can take to help this! Must be frustrating for all of you. My son has had issues with this, at times. Some seizure meds made it harder for him like Dilantin and Depakote. Some of his issues are the location of his seizures, too....Hoping you will have a good holiday!
WElcome to the clan.  I too am on Keppra 1000 MG daily and in the beginning I had awful mood swings.  I have had mood swing my whole life.. I have heard this can be attributed to Epilepsy.  But it hurts to have these feelings.  YOu are right most Dr.s do NOT know what it is like to feel the effects of these meds.  
You guys are the experts on the meds! Wish the doctors would learn to listen to what you say!!Randy, how did Christmas go?

Great to hear!! Best wishes for a good new year!
Hi all,
((Randy)) and ((Nancy))Hoping things go ok!
I was diagnosed as epileptic a few years ago. Carbamozopine seems to have stopped the grand mals but I still get regular partial seizures. I also keep getting this thing where I can't form words in my head for about fifteen seconds, can for the next fifteen - and so on for 3-4 hours. It's triggered by the partial seizures but it's not described in any literature I've read. It also seems to be getting more frequent - up to once a week now. Does anyone else get it and is it a form of epilepsy or what? Sorry to use anyone out there as a doctor by proxy but whenever I tell my consultant about this he just looks blank.
Hey Andrew.  hopefully Jen (our forum moderator) can send you a package on all different seizures.  It really helped me out when I was first dx'ed 9/04,  Take care, 
Hi Andrew,            Best wishes. I sure hope you can find help for this!!

Hi Andrew,Good luck to you.


Thanks, Its nice to hear that... I wish I would have known about support boards 15 years ago, so I wouldnt have felt like such an oddball all these years !!!! Then again, I guess there wasnt technology&nbsp; back then, Oh goodness I am gettin old !!    ....

to everyoneI am having this problem with &quot;speech arrest&quot; for the first time it started about 6 mo. back and makes being me real hard because I am a real outgoing person and enjoy conversation but I have been experiencing a real hard time &quot;hanging out&quot;/communicating simply because I cant keep up with conversations. I was under the impression that it was just because I had been on all these meds all these years and the seizures were catching up with me. I will look into this more.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This is for those of you out there putting down Epileptogist who are actually Neurologist. They specialise in seizure disorders. I can understand some of you have not had good experience with them. My Neuro.has sent me to a clinic at U of M Hospital because my seizures are way out of controll.For the past 2 years they have been on an average of 1-3 a week which has kept me from working. Then the Depakote I was taking did something to my pancreas so I could not take that any more. I went for my first appt. He was a Neurologist.He put me on Zonogran. Since I have not been on depakote I have been having seizures 2 and 3 times a day . At this clinic the neurologist I saw is quite certain I will need surgery. Which will be done by an Epileptolgist or at least I think so Could you all realize that I am scared and give the DRS. a rest for a while .&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary
((Mary))) It is good you have found neuros you trust in and will work to find you the best asnwers. Epileptologists are a great way for control! Find the best doc for you who listens to you and works with you...Hoping you find answers SOON.
I went and seen my PCP today. I am just so scared. He had a little computer that told him exactly what the first dictor told him I seen last week at the Epilepsy Clinic.That really helped me to see him. I felt all alone until my appt. in March. I have tests sschedule until then. When I called my PCP today they could tell I was stressing out. So they fit me in this afternoon. I feel like there is a game plan now. He will monitor my blood levels. He is a DR. at the Univeristy Hospital I am now going to. I had gone to him for about two years ,years ago so he knows me. I just feel better that he, my husband and I have some what of a plan . Changing your whole health people.I was very worried about the miagraines that I get and had forgot to tell the new Neuro.the PCP took care of that and gave me medications for the pain I have after I have a clustter of seizures. He wrote eveything out for my husband. Also told us when to call the Epileptic Clinic if needed before my appt. Thank You All For Listening ti me.    Mary
Michelle,  I was not happy about changing DRs. at first. But I was having way to many seizures and still am. My NEURO. reffered me to this EPI&gt; Clinic. I had finally gotten medicaid But it messed up all the DRs. I could see and I just did not have it in me to fight the fact that that I have had this NEURO. for 9 years, sometimes they will let you keep seeing the DR. you have been seeing even if it is out of the HMO network. I did not even know medicaid has a HMO. But with seizures getting worse (everyday) And medications not controlling them at all. My old Neuro. thought this was the best thing to do. I have had some med. changes since my get to know you visit. They put me on Zonegran and I went one whole week with no seizure. After 2 weeks it was increased to 2 at night. About 4 days later I noticed that every afternoon I cried for no reason. I could set my watch by it. Then I started having more seisures. They were up to one a day but I have like 3 or 4 at a time. I called the EPI Clinic thinking the would take me off the Zoneagran but they increased it to 1 in the morning too. I am to call them in a week if I have any increase in seizure activity. I've gone almost 36hrs with no seizure. The DR did not think the crying was from the Zonegran. If it is a side affect it should wear off. But to get back on track I dont even know if Medicaid-MCaid would pay for any surgery. It all just seems like a waiting game and taking meds, meds, meds. I figured it out I am taking 4 AED 19 pills a day. That does not count the Diastat I have to stop the Seizures if they dont stop so I dont have to go to the ER So I guess I am happy that at least I will be seeing some one that may kmow just what I need to controll with the least amount of meds. I guess I wrote a book. Thanks for listening.  Mary
&nbsp;
Nikki, So sorry it takes so long for you to get over the seizures! It can sometimes take my son a week to get his memory all the way back and his thinking is a bit more messed up, too.Please talk all this out with the neuro. Sounds like it is affecting life for you!I am sure the thought of switching is a tough one since you have so much depending on you! Talk it over with the doc. Changes are hard and you sometimes see some more seizures right during those weeks of change...
I have never heard of those type of seizures. I had a hsyterectomy when I 38. I took hormones for a while. My seizures started 2 and a half years after that. I started going to a seizure clinic just a week ago. They are taking me off some meds and adding others. One they added is Zonegran my husband has noticed and so have that I have really become very grumpy in the past week. I do have seizures almost every day2-3. But since I have been on the zonegran I have gone 2 days not in a roll with out a seizure.They are doing test on me at this clinic.It is at a University Hospital which is suppose to be really good .I just seen were Kayakmom talked about zonegran. If any one can give me any imformation about this med and does the grumpy part go away. If I have been on it and have gone 2 days (not in a roll) with out a seizure I really want to give it a chance. I have gone for walks. Done extra exercises and am still grumpy.Any suggestions would be welcomed.   Mary

Hi ...
Opps sorry... I forgot I  wanted to say as far as programs for help... I know .. Or I think if a person is diagnosed with Seizure Disorder.. they could get  Disability... But I have read it is difficult...  I have never tried... I never really asked my doc either...  You might want to ask your doc... also check out the epilepsy foundation website maybe there is some info on there ??/ .....
Dor,Nikki
Hello everyone. This is my first post and I look forward to hearing from the REAL experts, you! My 19 year old son was diagnosed with epilepsy in June. His first seizure (of 15) was June 8, and the last 3 on Oct. 5. He had medically induced seizures in our local EMU over Thanksgiving. We had our post-hospital follow up visit today. He was hoping to get the doctor's approval to drive. Since he already had his license when all of this started, and since we were never told to notify the Dept. of Motor Vehicles, we didn't. We thought that after waiting the required 3 months we just needed the doctor's ok. But today we were told that since Arizona is a "self reporting" state, we MUST notify the DMV. Tyler has been very conscientious about not driving, but I hate the thought of telling the DMV and knowing that "big brother" will forever be watching. I also wonder if they will notify the insurance company and his rates will go sky high. We're not trying to do anything illegal, but I don't like the idea of the govt. knowing more than they have to. What are your experiences here? It looks like we have no choice but to notify the DMV, but does that mean our insurance company will find out too? How do they "keep tabs" on those with epilepsy? Any information would be appreciated.&nbsp; Jean Ann
I just wanted to update everyone.&nbsp; I am going to the seizure center for VEEG monitoring tomorrow.&nbsp; It is the second time for VEEG.&nbsp; Hopefully, they'll be able to find the problem area this time.&nbsp; Wish me luck!Shaun
I'm really nervous.  I'm concerned that they already have their minds made up from the last time I was there for VEEG.  Fortunately, I'm going to have a different doctor.  So, keep your fingers crossedShaun
We are crossing all things possible.  Sending good vibes and thoughts.Donna
SHaun, I know it is so hard to go to another place and trust them to help you! I really hope this time things go well and you get real answers and help!! (veterans of 3 bad VEEGs and waiting for number 4 at a new place...)Best wishes and all good thoughts for you! Praying for your strength....
wishing you the best shaun.  Hope the VEEG was sucessful and they got something recorded while you were there.  Happy New Year and tell your wife we said Hello!! Love Tracy
Shaun I am so very sorry! As you know we are fighting this also. YOU can ask for a copy of the EEG tracing and take it to a new doctor. (not the report...) I agree with you that once they make up their mind they will ignore abnormal and say it is normal....I am so sorry it happened again.....What is your next step?
shaun, I am so sorry that you are running out of options! Yes we have said the same thing, &quot;we sure would love it if the kids do not have epilepsy, but they have it and one is not being treated as he should!&quot;...so frustrating. I do not know anyone who would WANT to be on AEDs and all the side effects they produce!Hang in there!!
I would say when you start having seizures go to the ER. If Medicaid gets tired of paying those high bills you can try an appeal to seek treatment away from this center! I am really so sorry that this happened to you!Sorry no real help, I just really feel for you. My son does also since he is going through this.
&nbsp;

Randy, you are so right. When I was able to work I never missed any time. I was always willing to work over time. If I worked a double shift I worked just as hard on that second shift. But I was like that before I had seizures only much more aware of it after I started having seizures. I have not been able to work for over 2 years. I did try three part time jobs but once you have a seizure at work they find a very legal way to keep you from returning. The last place was an Adult Foster Care Home.They let me go because of my seizures but they gave another reason. It was a really awesome place. This I call poetic justice, with in one month of not working there the state came in at 6 A.M and all the residents had to be placed in different facilties by 6 P.M. that night.The reasons they gave in the paper and on the news could be taken as very bad or just a paper error.I felt bad for the residents but not the owner.I am just really hurt by my family for not being there for me or my husband. Even my son is not around for alittle moral support. My mom is 83 years old so I can give her some slack but my sisters are just ignorent. I am waiting to start getting Social Security Disability any time now. Who know at this Epileptic Clinic they may just find what meds will work for me or even surgery may help. Thaks alot for listening. Some times I jus got to give my husband a break from my frustration.Again thank you for listening.   Mary
Randy here in the U.S.A. they have the American Disability Act. When I started havinn seizures I was working at a place that was very accomodating to my needs.I could not drive,work alone or operate heavy equipment. I also could not transfer any residents alone. I went 6 months without a seizure and decided I wanted to do home care again. Thank God when I had my next seizure I was not driving. A different corperation took over where I had been working the only supposedly openings they had were for midnights. That was one of my other restrictions was not to work midnights plus by law they only had to have one employee on midnights. I really blew that. And yes it is against the law not to hire you for a Disability here if you can do the job.One place I worked sent me a letter saying when I no longer had seizures they would be more then happy to hire me back. I did go see a lawyer and they were not discriminating against me. I will know in the next couple of weeks on a hearing date to get Social Security Disability. Once I start getting that and get my seizures so they are only once a week. Then I would love to work just one or two days a week. I have know idea when I am going to have a seizure. And you are so right when you say people are from the old school.They think you are a freak once they see you have one. I just prayer that this new clinic I am going to will find some meds that work and wont have to do surgery. They did start me on Zonegran and today will be my fourth day not in a roll but heck in the past two months  it went from three to four a week then every day two to three thats why I was reffered to this clinic so when I go 24 hrs. without one I am so happy. It is nice to talk to people that understand.FYI when I was a little girl people thought cancer was contagious. And they already medically new it was not. Thanks again for listening .   Mary
&nbsp; I am just so tired of eveything. Since Semptember I have been in the hospital twice due to my seizures. I know I sound like a big grown up baby and even if no one reads this or replies to it I have to vent.In the past 14 months 3 people in my family have died unexpectedly. This holiday really was the worst. I don't even think that I will celebrate them any more.I miss my son so very much.In one months time I find I am lucky to get on medicaid but then I find I am having such bad seizures that my neurologist is sending me to an Epilepsy Clinic where that is all the deal with are seizures. They are very good there but changing doctors are hard.I already went for my first appt. they changed some of my meds. I have gone 2 days without a seizure which for me is great.My family is of no support to my husband.My mother is 83 yrs old and uses her age to be rude.My stepdad died just last Dec. I went over to play a couple of games of Scrable with her today. I found a support group for those with epilepsy and their family members. I told her about it and she said it should help my husband seeing that he is my caregiver. I know right now my seizures are poorly controlled and I do have to be extra careful but I do care for myself. I did get a bit rude to her and told her that the support groups were for any body who has a &nbsp;loved one who has epilepsy and she may even learn something about epilepsy.I can't believe in 2005 people can still be so uneducated about something that has been around a long time.My sisters have gone to college. They have computers .It does not take long to get a little imformation. At this point in my life I am closer to my husbands family then my own.I went to the E.R. Sunday night I was having really bad pain in my back. the DR. gave me diazepam for pain for a bladder infection which is probablly a kidney infection or kidney stones but that D.R. wanted me out of the ER without a seizure and so I have been taking antibiotic that might not even be helping me I will know on Thursday when I go to see my PCP. And while I am at it I am still waiting to hear from Social Security Disability.I know I qualilfyfor it but I still need to be told I'm getting it.I need to go to thesesupport groups just to learn how to deal with the ignorance of some people. WellI think I got about everything off my chest except if my mother says to one other person that I might need to be put in a home because I have so many seizures I think I will scream and cry. I do plan on calling the minister at her church to see if he can talk to her rationally about how she is upsetting me. As for my sisters I can't make them feel comfortable around me but I can still feelvery sad that they feel that way.I think I'm done.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary
(((Mary))) what a big load you are dealing with in life! Sounds like you are really trying to help mom and sisters to understand! Keep trying. I know it is so frustrating to see such ignorance.......I will always listen!
Randy Thanks for caring,I started out with areally good morning. It has been 1 week since I had a seizure. Now I'm just scared waiting for it to happen. I just feel all alone except for my husband. You know it is the year 2005 this last century more progress has been done then in any other. Why do we have to educate people about epilepsy? It does not make sence does it? I am just amazed that they went from horses to cars, radios to cable TV, man landing on the moon to traveling all over in space and almost all houses having a computers and we have to educate people that we are not bad if we have epilepsy.My first husband would not allow me when I worked for Hospice to care for any Aide patients not that I listened .He was ignorant to the fact on how you get Aides. Truth be told he had more of a chance of getting it then I ever would caring for some one with Aides. Sorry this is going on . I'm done    Mary
I feel awkward discussing this but are there any males on this forum? As a man I feel I have a need to be strong and deal with
Jose,
Shawn also comes here sometimes, so there are at least a couple of guys around.Hope you find support here.
I hope that you will post and feel comfortable here.  Hopefully we can all help you and vise versa.  Nice to meet you. Tracy
Jose this is a great forum. Both the males and females are helpful so much. I just became a member this past Nov. they listen to you give you some good ideas and really let you know they care. Hope you keep posting here.        Mary
Hi,
I have read about them on sites, but never been through them. Hoping some here have. I know some insurance companies really fight paying for a MEG since they are relatively new!Hang in there and best wishes....
I am so sorry! Ask the doctor to help you fight this! I know a girl in California who needed this to see if she needed a third surgery!(((Dor))) hang in there. I know it is so hard to keep fighting, but it is worth it!!
Vent away! I totally understand. It makes no sense that they deny a great test that is so helpful in pin pointing seizures!Hang in there....
A MEG test is a fairly new test I am told, which is sort of a MRI/EEG combo... thats what it sounds like to me anyway.... It is supposed to define the location of the seizures, I think they use this test to map out how the surgery should be done... That is the impression I am under anyway... I dont think all docs use this test, the last group I went to last year never even mentioned this test, but it sounds like a good thing to have....
I had the WADA test, and that is exactly what they do. It was a very interesting experience- I had quite a few people there talking me through it - not scarey at all.If I had a choice to do that again or have an MRI - I would pick the WADA over the tube! Ü
So when you are awake for the wada, are you in any kind of pain??  I am a nervous wreck when it comes to new procedures.  I found the MRI to be a little too close for comfort, but I could do it again.  The banging noises is what really gets to me.  But when I heard about the wada it sounded so cool, yet scary, I guess because I don't fully understand the whole procedure.  Thanks for sharing your experience with us.  Take care, Tracy
   
It really can stink when your doctor is giving you mixed messages.I understand the increase in seizures and finding it impossible to have gainful employment. I did go through a period were I thought I was able to drive.Then one night and I thank god every time i think about it I was at home and  started having seizures again. That was almost 11 months without any.I now have seizures 2-4 times a week. They were happening alot more but I am going to an Epileptic Clinic now.Thet did some med adjusting and I have not had one for four days now.That took 3 weeks on a new med. They will do tests on me and try different meds it was explained. They could even do surgery. I do understand about not being able not to work.I really miss working. And waiting to see if you gualify for S.S.D. is a long waiting process.But you did a good thing by sharing with the people on this forum.They really care. They do not minimize what you may be going through because what you feel right now is important .A lot of people have good advice or ideas that might help you. Medical advice is left for your DR  Welcome and feel good.   Mary
Please be carefuldonna
Hi!&nbsp; I am getting to my wits end with this.&nbsp; My body won't rest.&nbsp; The 'supposedly innocuous' hypnic jerking is nonstop, preventing sleep.&nbsp; After two hours of it, my body starts with full body jitters and sometimes a fast heartbeat.&nbsp; Also, a sudden severe dry mouth and slight pain across the upper back part of my head.&nbsp; This has been going on for a few years.
My dear you are not alone!
I'm sorry that the video didn't help I know they were being too flippant in the beginning I was just hoping that it
Hi guys,
I am new here, but&nbsp;I am at a place&nbsp;that I am sure some of you have reached at some point, and I could use some input. I have complex partial seizures that I was tested for surgery for about five years ago, and I was not a candidate. (I had one grand mal) Since that time I was put on Keppra which has worked very well on those. I also have simple partials that if I just had had one would not be anything, but I cluster and at certain times they they are kind of nasty. I go to an epilepsy clinic and have a great doctor. But for the last couple of years I have felt like I have been sick on these meds every single day - I take Keppra 4500mg, Zongran 900 mg, Dilatin 390mg. I am seizuring some anyway, is there anyone out there who just goes through the seizures just to get off some of these meds? I feel as though they are taking the life out of me. I try to be willing to put up with some side effects, I know there will be some - but I almost think the seizures would be easier. Thanks.
Randy,     I do have a license, although I don't drive much - and that is a good point, thanks!
Hi again...
Hello, 




I, too, am very careful about the driving situation. When I was having the complex partials I never drove at all unless I had met the state requirement without seizures. With the simple partials I am legal to drive but I choose not to for the most part.  I fell asleep after work again this afternoon and woke up long enough to spend 45 minutes with my son before he went to bed. I am very lucky to have a great support system, but I feel so bad when that happens...that kid deserves more of me than that. It is one thing for me to deal with these meds but to make a child go through it is very hard. I will be talking to the doctor soon, I just need to hang on I guess. It has been nice to find this forum...at least it is a place to kind of dump it out. Thanks!
Minnie,
   
How are you doing today?


HI huntress check out our thread ROLE CALL... we started it so some of the newer members could learn a little about us.  Take care, Tracy
Hi Dawn, I went so many years receiving bad treatment from neuros until I found my epileptologist about 7 years ago.&nbsp; Unfortunately he retired this month but he taught me that good/great Dr's are out there and I won't accept anything less.&nbsp; In fact this last&nbsp;month I saw a new epi and after the first visit I left him a message about an eeg I had done.&nbsp; Apparently he doesn't DO phone calls and expected me to come in instead of calling me back.&nbsp; He got wrote off my list immediately and i've since seen another epi this week who I think I will like alot.&nbsp; Don't give up, cause good one's are out there and we deserve them.
Hi guys again,


I am on state insurace and it doesn't pay for stuff like Amour thyroid drugs.
I am new to this site and group, I've never actually talked to other people with Epilepsy.&nbsp; I have a question though- has anyone started a self-help or support group before?&nbsp; I'm starting one on my college campus because I think I'm at a point where I just need to talk to other people who have gone through the same thing.&nbsp; This website is awesome, I just recently found it or I might have not started the support group.&nbsp; But I was just wondering if anyone had any tips for me.&nbsp; I'm just kind of going in there with an openmind, hoping we'll all get something from it!&nbsp; Let me know your own experiences, if any. thanks! 
What a great idea! I hope your group goes well! I have not ever had one, all of my support has come from on line communities. I have 2 teens who have epilepsy. Best wishes! Welcome here, too!
the EFA can supply you with free pamphlets and things for your group too! Great idea!!Hope it goes well!
I have recieved a ton of stuff from the EFA after contacting them and telling them I was doing a speech about Epilepsy in one of my college classes. thanks for the tips!
That is great! So neat that you were able to do that speech too!
I would think you could just cover the very basics at the first one and find out what others who come are needing support in and then take it from there. Get their needs and ideas also and then things could fall inplace. I think you will do great. My husband and I are going to a suppotr group for Epilepsy next Tuesday. I have Epilepsy and it has become very uncontrolled. Which has been stressful on us and our familys. i think it will help my husband and me alot .Let us know how it goes.  Mary
Hey, good luck today! Hoping it all goes very well! Hoping you get some who turn out for it and it goes just fine! I am sure you will do a good job!
I am so sorry no one came! Is there a way to advertize it more? Tell your EFA Affiliate so they can help promote too?So much work and the nerves to get ready. SO Sorry!! keep trying. I am a shy person as well and doing presentations has been so good for me and I feel like I have helped people through them...
Please pray for me.&nbsp; Please cross your fingers and please send your hugs.&nbsp; But most of all pray for me. 
Tracy, Sorry things are so hard on you. You are in my prayers. It is easy said then can be believed but when one door closes God has another one for us to open. We just have to find it and opening it. You are in my prayers.                                Your Forum friend Mary
Thanks so much guys.  I am on my lunch break and knew to check, cause you all always write me.  These past three days have just been hell and shocking of me.  I am extremely pleased I have not had a seizure.  Maybe the meds are helping.  I know praying works and I need it so much, I thank you so much and keep them coming.  I am so bummed, devastated and sad.  And as of now we are still together, but I am not sure for how long.  During the past five years I have never had to say that, but now I do :( 
   
(((((Tracy)))))) So hard. Keep working on it, if you can. I hope that you two can work things out in time. I know it is so painful and stressful. Glad the meds seem to be helping, though!!Keep your chin up, better days are ahead!
Hello!
I would definately like to know.  I too am on Keppra 1000 MG a day since september.  I asked my gyno and she said we would talk about that when I was really ready to have a baby.  I would still like a heads up though...
   &nbsp;Well today is my granddaughters 1'st Birthday. My son clled to ask us to her party. I&nbsp;have decided on not&nbsp;&nbsp;going. When we were there on Xmas I had a seizure. His mother- in -law said it really upset her mother. I have a kidney infection and have had seizures the past 3 days. The Zonegran was working good I thought. But I know when I get sick my my seizures do increase. So I am not very comfortable going to the party.My husband says he understands and will call my son. This is the third time I am being treated for this infection. The DR. called last night and said he was sure it was a kidney infection.I asked him to prescribe Bactrim. When I was younger that always worked.So he did .These mood swings the Zonegran puts me in is just to much. Accually it is like crying jags. The EPI. nurse said it should subside in 6 weeks but if I have anymore seizures I will call.It just makes me so sad,then I cry and I don't know why. I just feel like I have no controll of my life. If I could not talk to you all on this forum Gosh I don't know what I would do.&nbsp; Well thanks//////&nbsp; Mary
  &nbsp;I Am just wondering if anybody could tell me the side effects they have had on Zonegran.When the DR. at the EPI. Clinic put me on it it seemed to really slow my seizures down. Well I have had them more frequently and this weekend every day.I am up to 200mgs at night and I could set my clock by it. Every afternoon I start to cry at the same time and then after three to four hrs. I stop. This is not a good feeling. I don't even know why I'm crying. I know walks help your mood but it has been so cold where we live. Chocolate is good to but it is not good on my intestines.Can anyone give me some ideas please? I called the EPI. Clinic but they may not call back today. I thought if I took the Zonegran in the morning then when I would start this crying stuff I would be sleeping, but my husband said any med changes should be done by the D.R.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary
Hi, first of all I am kind of a wreck today, today and yesturday I had seizures.... They just wipe me out emotionally!!! I just want to hide from life until someone takes them away.... Sorry to sound so bad but I don't want to go through this so much. It might be a little ok if they were not so close together.Thank you for listening!!!!!
So sorry you are having such an awful time......Hang in there! I hope there is an answer to give you better control.
Not driving is tuff!!! I was due to start nursing school one week before my dx.  I was to rotate between 8 area hospitals.  Needless to say I was forced to drop out because I couldn't drive at all.  This was devastating for me.  This will work out for you in the end.  It is important to realize why we can't drive and why we are really a danger to other innocent drivers on the road.  
Michelle, I hope the insurance OKs it soon for you! Best wishes that the specialist can help you.
Hi everyone!  I don't usually post here, as I've been blessed with my experience having epilepsy thus far.  I was diagnosed over 5 years ago, and have had 2 tonic-clonic seizures that day, and have only had one tonic-clonic seizure since.  I say blessed, not because I have epilepsy, but because the medication worked for me to control the seizures, and I understand that for a lot of people it isn't that simple.  I titled my post low sodium seizures, because I had one seizure a few years ago that the paramedics and the hospital staff diagnosed it due to low sodium.  Now I have to be very careful of how much liquids I consume daily, and try to always add more salt onto my food.  I eat way more salty stuff then I ever would care to to balance it out.  I am just simply wondering if there are many more out there that have to worry about
Well let me say that you have surprised me too...because I wasn't aware of how few people experience this.  As I said I do have just plain 'ol epilepsy all on it's own.  But a couple years ago I started getting light-headed, and slightly dizzy on occasion..I just got used to it for about
Ellie, 10 years ago.  My symptoms first started with a whole year of just passing out.  It happened at the gym, at work and at home.  It was finally at the end of that year I had a full blown seizure. All the tests they did on me were normal, still another year of passing out and then another seziure the second EEG had finally shown eplileptic activity a year later and they finally put me on seizure meds and then ended up on Tegritol-XR.  But I always found if I stayed well hydrated i had no problems.  Also, my dose was 300 mg a day. If I had too much caffene for example and little water intake I would start to get auras.  For a long time I was in control.  It was after I found out I was pregnant with my second child I had another seizure.  It has been downhill ever since. All they have done thus far is every time I have a seizure or have aura issues is up my dose.  I am on 1200 mg of Tegritol a day! I also am on Zonegram as of last December. Ever since the birth of my second child in 2009 I have had 6 seiziures and many auras that have kept me home from work and or sent me home early.  I can always tell my sodium is low because I get foot cramps and leg cramps.  Doctors don't seem to think the sodium issue has anything to do with my seizures.  I almost feel there has to be some underlying reason for my original low sodium as well as the drug induced cause.  Although all my MRIs have been normal?  I also have heard taking a magnesium supplement is good.  Also, exercising is almost impossible if i sweat too much I will have seizure issues.  I hope this helps.  All of these post have really helped me!
Hi,sam

Christie, Number one, please call the doctor and let him know you still have that pain! It is not usual at all and you might have something else that needs checking. I am hoping it is a pulled muscle or something, but it sounds serious to keep going on!!Hang in there!
Hello! I posted this question on another thread, so please bear with me. I've never chatted much and haven't quite got the hang.
I think phenobarb is dilantin.  If that is the case I think that is one of the worse drugs in regards to side effects.  This has been a hot topic over at the braintalks communities.  It seems like lamictal is one of the safer aed's to use during pregnancy.  I would advise you to get your neuro/epi and gyno to work together in giving you the best possible treatment.  Tracy
Thank you for your input. I have to admit I'm intimidated by any potential side effects that include impairment of speech, reading or writing, as all of these are required in my career...
I had to events in the last 3 weeks and today I had a weird sensation so I went to the hospital .....Under the pressure of family and they said it sounded like i was experiencing partial seizures. They called the DMV ..So now I can't drive. I am a soccer mom so I really need to get my boys to thier events. I feel so dependent... I also have to have other tests done and was told they could cost up to and over 10,000 dollars.  Can any one tell me what a partial seizure is? ohhh im so frustrated!
PS. Not everyone has the same symptoms. I get very spacy. All colors seem weird. Everything gets distorted. Sometimes I ehar a buzzing sound. I lose all stregnth in my body, my head tilts. I don't smack, but I can't talk, or I say weird stuff. I generally lose consciousness, but sometimes I'm still awake, just unable to speak.Lydia
PPS Don't try to drive!!! IT STINKS NOT TO, BUT IMAGINE IF YOU ACCIDENTALLY HURT SOMEONE.  That would be enough stress to make you seizure right into a complete coma. Get your soccer moms together for coffee one night and tell them what's up. Ask them to cover for you. They will.Lydia
I just wanted to stick a comment about meds in here.  In the above there were alot of nasty side effects mentions by meds.  All a possiblity but this is not true for everyone.  It depends on your epilepsy and what med you are on.  There are alot that make you loose weight, takes care of manice, controls concentration (improves) lessens current anxiety levels. and the list goes on and on.  I didn't want the above to scare you away from meds.  Being on meds is your BEST chance for seizure control and being allowed to drive again.  After my first Grand mal and alot of testing I was put on Keppra (I didn't want to ) Neuro told me if I ever wanted control or maybe to drive again I had to do this.  And I have had wonderful control.  I passed my 6 month mark TC free and now legally I can drive again.  I could never imagine the pain I would be in if I knew I had E, Drove, got in an accident due to my e and hurt other innocent people.  IT is hard to deal with at first.  Even for 2-3 months.  But things will come togther.  Your friends, neighbors and people you didn't even know were such good friends, will be more then happy to give you rides and all of that.  I wasn't very accepting of that because I was a 23 year old independant nursing student.  Needless to say I was yanked from the program having no license and having to rotate between 8 area hosptials.  Take care of yourself, get plently of rest and follow the dr.'s orders.  Keep coming here and asking questions and get on the internet as much as you can and educate yourself.  Education is Key.  Good luck take care, Tracy
Thank you christine i appreciate the advice and i will look into it!
I found some old records from a neuro isaw in the early 90's.&nbsp; He did an EEG.&nbsp; It showed an "isolated spike discharge".&nbsp; I spoke to the neuro and he said that in a person that is having headaches, passing out or jerking spells it is EXTREMELY indicitive of epilepsy.&nbsp; So, hopefully, that will prompt my current neuro to go ahead and treat me for the epilepsy that i was diagnosed with when I was 5.&nbsp; I'm hoping that this is the answer to all of the problems that everyone of you has helped me deal with.&nbsp; Keep your fingers crossed!Shaun
Shaun, great work! Hoping it will help you get treatment! Hang in there and keep pushing for help
An isolated Spike discharge is a random abnormal brain wave. Spike and wave is one form that shows a seizure. An isolated spike is not a seizure because it is too short but does show a likely hood that seizures are possible. Sometimes it is called Epileptiform discharge. usually to be a seizure it is a certain number of seconds in duration and has the typical spike and wave.....
My neuro never even looked at the records I took him.&nbsp; He just told me that based on the information he has right now that he is not comfortable treating me further.&nbsp; He feels that due to some "unusual circumstances" that he is unclear as to my classificication.&nbsp; Basically, he feels that because I became combative once, and have not reacted well to a few meds that it MIGHT not be epilepsy.&nbsp; Apparently, the 2 abnormal EEGs, and 2 DX's from 2 other neuros isn't enough.&nbsp; So, I found my Army records that clearly state a DX of epilepsy.&nbsp; I'm going to find a different neuro and tell him I was DX'd by the army in 2002, and would simply like a different form of treatment.&nbsp; Any advice would be helpful.&nbsp; Is it really uncommon for someone to become combative after a seizure?&nbsp; I have only done it one time.&nbsp; Is it that uncommon for someone to not react well to a few different AEDs?&nbsp; I was under the impression that was fairly common.&nbsp; I don't know.....we'll just see what comes and deal with things day to day.
One definitive thing neuros look for, if it is epilepsy it responds to seizure meds in many cases. OF coursekeep pushing. WHat will this neuro treat you for?
Keep pushing for it. I am glad you at least have some minimal treatment now!! My son is also very sensitive to the meds. Our neuro is willing to start treating his PLMD (with a seizure med) after we have one more test. Had the sleep study last night. Probably have an AEEG to do and then I can get him back on meds. hang in there Shaun. Hoping the Topamax is ok for you!
Hello Everyone!&nbsp; I have had complex partial seizures for as long as I can remember but did not know what they were and was not diagnosed until 2001 when I got into a car accident.&nbsp; Since then I have gotten into 3 more (nothing to injure myself or anyone else believe it or not)!&nbsp; Just some trees!!!&nbsp; Aside from that I also have Diabetes and hyperthyroidism which might have something to do with it all but who knows.
HI and welcome! Vent anytime! It is frustrating when seizures change you life so much! The good part is that you seem to have a supportive fiancee and parents! I know it is tough to have to rely on them for rides, though. Hang in there.Look into surgery or the Vagus Nerve stimulator? FOr some people these can bring controll when nothing else does. Other people have some luck with trying a modified DOCTOR RUN Atkins program.

&nbsp;I quess I really just need to vent.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ifeel so alone with this Epilepsy.We were going to start gonig to a supot group but the weather was bad and our car is good around town but any further it is nit a good idea. My husbands been really stressed about money which does not hep his Bipolar.He also has stones in his saliva glans which this week his neck and face are huge.They could do surgery but would rather not. So tomorrow I am calling the ENT he saw and see if he will call in the steroid package he gave him before for it. He is also a diabetic. So his plate is very full right now. I had a seizure tonight. It was pretty bad. I hurt my back and went ot the DR on Tues. He thinks it is from my seizures. I have just been having very short ones but they are increaseing everyday and tonight it was not so short. My family is just I don't know not there anymore. I quit calling my sisters and they have not called me. I emailed my one sister in Georgia and told her how much I missed my son that died. I also said alot of happy things too. I never heard back from her. My husband thinks I am be overly sensitive. Maybe. But god how I hate this monster in me that has totally changed my life and can happen with no warning. All the meds. can't seem to stop it. The Zonegran slowed it down then it came back like before. The increase in Zonegran slowed it down again and now it looks like it is coming back. When I have to have the Diastat I will call the EPI Clinic. I go for my MRI&nbsp;the first week in FEB. then to the EPI Clinic in March. I still have heard nothing onS.S.D. But the lawyer says it should be any time as he says that my bills keep adding up.I quess it allsums up to I'm worrid about my husband, can't understand my family and wish I would hear from S.S.D. I do know people have it far worse but right now I am just worried sad and frutrated.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mary
&nbsp;I was reading through these messeges just now at work,&nbsp;and I had one of my seizures - it happens all the time.&nbsp; They are at random times, where ever, and&nbsp;whenever.&nbsp;And this is&nbsp;how:&nbsp; 
I know a big part of SP's are smacking the lips, tugging at clothing, doing repetative motions like that. 
  &nbsp;I am just so confised with this doctor changing. But my attitude is still good. It just seems eveything takes so long. Yesterday I had some pretty bad seizures so I called the EPI Clinic like they told me to if the increased alot. When I have really bad seizures for a day or two I get jerks like in my legs and arms.I grind my teeth. My eyes will blink alot. My old Nerologist gave me medication for when that happened. Well I am really trying not to be a pain at this EPI Clinic. But I really needed something to make my body stop jerking. They never called back so my husband called my new PCP and told the nurse what was happening. She said that with out even taking to my DR. that he would not call in anything for my seizures but would page the neuro. and patch my phone num. in. He did call back and when I explained to him what my body was doing he said it was not from the seizures it was anxiety. Well how he new this without seeing me is beyond me. He did increase my zonegran and klonopin. I am sure ther is some anxiety from having so much seizure activity.But the involuntary jerking I really don't believe it is anxiety.It is just very hard to have another doctor treat you. Who has only met you once and just do evey thing over the phone. I would of liked to of gone in so he could see what was happening to me. But such is life.A University Hospital EPI Clinic is just so different then what I am use to. If anyone has any advice I could use some. Mary
It is so nice to have people understand what you are going through when no one else seems to. But I still have a very possitive attitude. Even with my family. That is my sisters. What they can't and won't understand is not my problem. And yes the increase in the klonopin seemed to have stopped the jerking. but my husband gave me one more then what the Dr. said. So I called back again today to let them know that it took two .5mg klonopin to get my body settled down. I also learned you do not say your old Neuro. did this. I don't think they want to hear what another doctor did. But I still have a very good attitude and am very proud of that. thanks for always listening to me. You must be an Angel  Mary

I am so sorry you have not found good control! Sometimes getting a second opinion can help. Fresh eyes on the case, as it were.Hang in there. Keep learning!! www.epilepsy.com is a good place to learn more about seizures. Also there is a resource list here for more sites.....
A second or perhaps a third opinion may point you in a direction that you have not thought of yet.

Bonnie, you sure have your plate full dealing with both disorders!! Epilepsy Foundation says that about 20 % of those with autism will also develope epilepsy at some time. I used to work with a boy with Autism who is just now starting treatment for seizures. He is now almost 13.Welcome!
Bonnie I wanted to add that anti seizure meds are one of the frontline meds to treat bipolar.  I am not saying our daughter is bipolar as well, but hey if you see marked improvement on the anti seizure meds thats a good thing, let us know what happens,...
Hello.   racy 
good job!  I knew you could get through it.  Yeah all that junk in your hair, that's what i hate most about EEGs.  I'm glad you didn't have a TC.  Sometimes I feel really tired after them and sometimes not, at least get a little sleep or try to rest.  Hope the rest of your day goes well! ~Jessica
I am so glad it went ok!! SOrry you did not fall asleep! SO good you did not have a TC.....Have a nice LONG shower!

Thank you Christine, you are such a support to me.  I am still thinking of re-applying to the LPN program next fall.  I don't know if it is too soon to make that decision.  But thanks for your post here and on BT.  I just slept 12 hours.  Ha ha that test made me tired!! Love Tracy
Jessica developed a rash and swollen lips and the doctor has stopped the tegretol......
I am so sorry she had an allergic reaction!! My son did to Tegretol as well. I really hope Epilim is ok for her. Yes, having to go through all the old ones first is not fun. We did that with my son. My daughter saw a different neuro, 5 years after my son was DXd and she started right off on Zonegran and it has been good for her....Hang in there!! Hoping she is fine for school!
Yes, you are wise to wait for the Tegretol to leave her system! we were told to wait until all sign of rash goes away before going on the next med(which was Depakote for us as well!).......A very scary week of waiting!Ginny
I didn't want to post this on the board as it's a downer and I try to avoid those but after reading ranman's post about his sister, I am feeling so angry with my mum. Here's the brief version. 
((Hugs)) Beth.&nbsp; That's one of the worst parts about sz's is that for alot of people sz's aren't diagnosed til much later in life because of a lack of training on the Dr's part or denial on the family's.&nbsp; Venting is what this forum is all about and who better to vent to than those who've been there.
Beth, I am so very sorry you have had such a rough road and did not have support for so long...It is fine to post, even a downer. It is SO important to reach out and get support. It hurts so much when you cannot talk to your own family or have them understand!!Hang in there and please post when ever you want. I think we spoke in chat a few months ago...So sorry, but so wonderful you have a new husband who loves you....
Beth, you might do a search on Keto and Atkins. John's Hopkins and Mass General Hospital are finding that Adults have about the same chance for success as children!! Down side is you cannot stay on it forever with potential for high cholesterol etc. 1/3 have success with keto and seizures are controlled, 1/3 have a decrease in seizures but may not gain control, 1/3 are not helped. THis is a quote from Dr Elizabeth Thiele of Mass General speaking at a conferance where I also spoke. She is a Pede neuro, but was also mentioning this finding. best wishes! Reading is always fine too. Know I care and wish you all the best!
There are lots of people who have done really well with the VNS. They go about their lives so they do not post on boards like this. I would hate to see you stop and not seek proper care. Until you see an Epileptologist, you have not gotten where you need to be. Unless your fiance/friend is an Epileptologist, you are giving away control of your life. It is your life, your brain, as well as our health. It is also your choice. No one elses. I wish you well. Phoebe
My son is doing well with the VNS, he had no lifedonna


Jennifer, I live in the United States and went on mdeicaid not to long ago. I had to change neuroligist but that was mostly do to my seizures increaseing. It is a little different being on medicaid but you can usually get the sme medications as if you had health insurance. Most DR&gt; have a list of meds. that medicaid won't pay for and check it out before the give you any medications. With seizure medications I have not had any problem with any of the meds. being paid for by medicaid. Mary
I had gamma knife surgery in August of last year. I'm finally showing some of the results I guess. I talked to the neurosurgon last week and he said that he can see some changes in my hippocampus. I think my seizures are less violent, I haven't hurt myself all month. They also are becoming spaced a further apart.   &nbsp;The neurosurgon said this is what the beginning of the results are like in people the surgery is succesful with. If anyone has had gamma knife surgery I'd like you to respond to hear your results. All I can do is keep my fingers crossed and pray. Everone is in my prayers.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
I had the typical epilepsy surgery and haven't lost consciousness since. I was not aware that after Gamma Knife surgery that you would continue to seize. I didn't know that Gamma Knife didn't wipe them ut from the time of surgery. Did you read about the surgery and get all the nitty gritty before you had it done so you would know that this was to be expected? I did a lof of detailed research on my surgery before i was willing to allow them to do it. I will be interested in readng the other replies. You may want to post on other boards too since few people who have had surgery visit here it seems. Congrats on he 5.5 months. I hope you do find others who have had this done. Phoebe

I know this is the epilepsy forum, but there is not a forum for seizures that are not epileptic, so I thought maybe one of you would know something about the other types of seizures. My liscence was taken yesterday until medically cleared to drive following what the ER doc said was a absence seizure or a complex partial seizure? I was driving yesterday, then next thing I know I saw a truck driving towards me and couldn't figure out why I was on the wrong side of the road. I couldn't remember for a minute where I was going. I called my neuro whom I've been seeing for symptoms of dizziness/syncope and he is testing for Tachycardia, hypotension and adrenal/hormone probs which he said could cause this, he told me to go to ER as he was unavailable. Went and they asked a bunch of questions checked reflexes/muscle strength, ect. and told me I had one of those types of seizures and it could be related to what was goingon with my heart or could be the cause or something. Now I cannot drive and am thouroughly freaked out and so thankful I didn't runi nto someone or hurt anyone. But I don't know what any of this means-what are those seizures-symptoms/causes? I also have fibromyalgia/cfs-related to that maybe, and how long does this last, what do they do for it and does it go away? Didn't seem like a major deal-wasn't likeepileptic. or didn't last long, but I need any info if you have any.&nbsp;My name is Amy btw, post normally on the fibro forum. I'm 18, and this really freaked me out!
I am a bit confused. If the ER doc feels it was a complex partial or absence seizure, those are considered epileptic. Did they do an EEG on you? Blood work? these can help to show what is going on. Hoping you find answers, Please go get more testing to see if they can figure this out.
Dori, I encourage you to read about the laws in your state. They do differ. You will find that people with heart conditions and other medical problems who do lose consciousness at the wheel are treated a little differently that those of us with a seizure disorder. That's another reason to have your Medical doc involved. In some states, the doc has to report the seizure, but in others they do not. Ran Man, I noticed the meds you are on and the length of time you have had epilepsy. Since the stats re meds are what they are re meds ever working once one med fails to stop the seizures and since yours are originating from the Temporal lobe, have you been to an Epileptologist at a Comprehensive Epilepsy Center? You mnay be a good candidate for surgery. Mine originated from the Right temporal lobe, and I had surgery 6 years ago after having epilepsy for more than 35 yrs. Since there are other options that do work for many people, it would be a shame not to see if you can increase the quality of your life and decrease the meds etc by possibly stopping your seizures for good. Phoebe
Randy,You should consider yourself very lucky that you have only had 2 seizures since 1979. I know going without driving can be a real pain in the butt. Then again for us out here who's seizures are not being controlled that well by medication now that is a pain in the butt. Since I started going to the EPI Clinic my seizures have slowed down to maybe 2-4 a week then they increase back up to every day. Then my meds. get increased. It for me at this time a waiting processes. Thank God I have the Diastat for when they get to bad so I don't end up in the ER. Where I am going they have people that come from all over the world to be treated for their Epilepsy. They might have 20 seizures a day and go home with only one a day. These people would rather have none but compared to what they were having they probablly feel great. I know if at this point they could make it so I only had 1-2 a week I would be so happy.   Mary
&nbsp; Hi! I am getting ready to go for the MRI that the EPI Clinic schedule for me. Needless to say I am a little nervous.I raed what the place sent me and they said it takes 48 hours to read but the EPI Clinic said it takes about a month for them. So I am cofused. I quess in the brain when they are looking for certain things it may take longer.Or they get the results and if it can wait untill March they wait or call me for an earllier appt. I don't know but I don't wnat to call and bother them when I get home. Just needed to vent. Thanks For Listening. Mary

  &nbsp;I am a bit confused with this forum. I feel like I have hurt or offended someone. No one replies to me anymore. If that is the case I am very sorry. I did not mean to.&nbsp; Mary
I don't get on much, I seem to keep losingdonna

I sure hope the doctor can shed some light on what happened! It sure sounds scary! I know there are sleep disorders that have odd things like this, too. Odd things and seizures do tend to go hand and hand....So sorry! Hang in there. Let us know what the doctor thinks! Take care!
WOW!&nbsp; Thank you SO much for your reply.&nbsp; I thought I might be blowing things out of proportion or just plain crazy.&nbsp; My nuero says my seizures are caused by fatigue so to get plenty of sleep, which I do, about ten hours a night (on average).&nbsp; But I still feel tired all the time!

Hi everyone...I just joined today&nbsp; and have been having some strange happenings that sound similar to this at night. I toss and turn all night and feel like I am having seizures but then wake up and think did I have one or was I dreaming? then it starts all over.....I also just started keppra last week (1000 mg) for CP seiz. also on topomax and tegretol...also have been very tired and very emotional....crying a lot!!!!But have been under a lot lot lot of stress too as hve just gone on med leave and am facing going on disability so am not sure? The past 2 nights have been horrible though and have been exhausted....have found that the Keppra has almost made me hyper at times though and kept me up til 1-2 am then am so tired next day. Should I call neuro about possible night seizure activity do you think? Thanks so much for your help. Am freaking out a bit and a bit worried I am going to have more....also have been having lots of SP's during past 2 days. thanks for help! And good luck to you as well!!


It sounds like you really have had a tough time lately!! I know that my son takes a long time to fully recover from his harsher seizures. The rung out, mentally slow, sleepy and sore part sounds so like him....I sure hope you feel better soon and this spell is done!! Take care! Ginny

Thank you for your support!cm
Hey there...I'm new to this website.&nbsp; I came in search of some information.&nbsp; All my life I have had this "funny little head thing".&nbsp; When it would happen, I would say to my parents, "It's doing it again."&nbsp; We never really looked too deep into it.&nbsp; As I've been reading through the pages today, I come across a similar description of one of these types of seizures.&nbsp;&nbsp;It said this is one of the most destructive type of seizure, and will progress further&nbsp;if not treated.&nbsp;&nbsp;In Oct. of 2003 I had my first GrandMal seizure.&nbsp; Since that date, I have had 7 more GrandMal seizures.&nbsp; There have also been numerous "little ones."&nbsp; I seperate them by calling them little ones and big ones.&nbsp; It's a pretty scary time for me, but it's nice to know that I'm not alone out there. 
HI Amanda Jane, I am so sorry you have had this so long. Have you seen a neurologist after the grand mals began? Are you on medication?&gt; Yes, those little ones could be simple partial seizures since you feel a funny feeling yet know it is going on and remember it. Hoping you can get help. you sure are not alone. Many here understand!!Best wishes....
I am so glad you were not hurt when you had one driving!! WOW, that is so scary! SO glad you have a new neuro coming up next week! I hope this one is good and helps you out. I have a dear friend who had weird things all her life and just went to a neuro yesterday for the first time. It was scary for her, but so important.....
folks here do understand what it is like. We have probably all had those looks from others thinking we are nuts too!! Hang in there. Let us know how the appointment goes!
Just wanted to say ((HI MARY)) and see how you were doing.&nbsp; You change your name and I forgot which one you are now.&nbsp; I hope you are feeling well, you haven't posted in a few days.&nbsp; Happy valentines day and take care. Tracy  
Hi, everyone. My name is Chris and I am 24 years old. I started having seizures when I was 18 years old. I guess I'm here because I need to vent. The position I am in right now I find very frustrating and depressing.
Hi Chris I am off to work so I can't type much.  I am also 24 and newly diagnosed.  I just wanted to send you big hugs and will chat with you later or tomorrow, I just didn't want to leave you hanging.  Take care, Tracy
Chris, I sure hope they can stop these seizures! In one way it is good if you are having simple partials since you get warning to sit or get to a safer place! I hope the neuro gets things controlled very soon. I have one kid who has simples. The other has generalized seizures.hang in there and keep working with the doc to find good answers. Many with seizures can still work and lead full lives!

Chris,
For those of you interested, so far I have had blood tests done to eliminate diabetes. I've had 2 sleep deprived eeg tests done within the last month. I wore a holter monitor for 24 hours in December and I had an mri scan done as well. By some fluke chance I had a seizure in the hospital the day of the mri and they scanned me 5 minutes after the seizure was over. It came up 'normal', which according to the emergency room doc I saw that day, is perfectly normal for this kind of thing. I had a cat scan done when this thing first started, almost 7 years ago, and I had a sleep deprived eeg then too. At that time I saw a neurologist who said it was migraines. He wasn't very useful and didn't seem to want to really dig into what was happening. It just sorta went away for about 4 years, the came back last year. Since it has been back I have seen 2 neurologists. The one I am seeing right now is the one who is having all these tests done. He is actually trying to find a cause instead of just chalking it up to migraines.-Chris
Thanx for the advice. -Chris
The numerous tests we go thru with normal results can make you want to scream. PCP's don't have a clue when it comes to seizures (at least that's what I've found) finding the right neuro that will listen can amke all the difference when it comes to treating you. In the intital phases before I was dx I started to keep a journal of events, foods, activities, emotional and stress levels. It proved to be very helpful in my dx and my neuro appreciated the record (since we all have a tendency to forget things at times).cm
Hello...
THANK YOU VERY MUCH...Tracy

So good that you do know your body so well! So sorry to hear how Valentines ended for you! Seizures sometimes sneak back in after years of control. I do not know your age (and would not ask) but I wonder if there are hormonal changes that might be affecting control? More stress creeping in? Diet changed a lot? Sleepis changing. Those are the normal things I can think of that can trigger them to come back after time of control. Sometimes meds work for a time and then need more tweaking or an add on to keep working for some people.Hang in there. Sounds like you learned early on to listen to what your body is telling you!! That is great!


Hi everyone...I just joined tonight...I can definetly relate and am going through the same thing. Was recently diagnosed and thought my siez. were under control for short period of time then whammo----lots of seizures again.....stress definetly has triggered it for me....I&nbsp; am dx CP in TP lobe lately have been having lots of sp's and aura's for me are deja vu's and migraine's as well. I have just been off work on med leave and am going on disability so lots of financial stress as well. It really sucks when your body does all kinds of things you don't understand and can not figure out.....nice to meet everyone!! Hang in there!!   Twilight!

So sorry Della. I have seen some sites in England that have some things, one is a personal alarm someone wears. I will try and find that link again. US is so far behind all these safety things for epilepsy!!So glad your daughters are there to call you and help!!

Some of it sure sounds familiar. I am glad you have such a supportive doc! YOu will find others here who deal with TLE as well. Helps to know you are not alone!!Welcome Gordee
I'm not on meds yet as not been fully diagnosed, still waiting on the neurologist - who I've only seen once - sending me an appointment to discuss his diagnosis. All I'm takin just now is Efexor from doc, before the memory loss I'd been taking Epilem for a few weeks prescribed by doc though no epilepsy diagnosed at that point.
Does anyone out there know if any of the herbal treatments are effective or not?&nbsp; I have been talking to an "herbologist" who has given me some options, but I don't really want to get involved until I talk to the neuro (1st appt on the 21st).&nbsp; I'd rather not get too involved with the prescription drugs if possible.&nbsp; I'm already on Lamictal - 50mg, but that's supposedly more of an anti-depressant/mood stabilizer from the Psych.
AmandaJane, I whole heartedly agree with Jen. It is too risky to try fighting seizures without the meds. If there were clear evidence of herbal therappy stopping seizures more people would try it. Try and work with your neuro and find a med that works best for you with the least side effects....
I'm a believer in herbal treaments, but when it comes to the brain I wouldn't take the chance. I'm on Lamictal 750 mg, which is not for depression or mood swings in my case. I suffer from catamenial seizures related to my cycle and only have break thru seizures when I am ill.  Crazy as it sounds my body is so sensitive to drugs that I had to start out at a childs dose 25 mg. It took me several years to increase it to a controlled level (only because of my personal sensitivity)cm


Hi Goodwitch! Sheena here...I use Tiger Balm the rub on my neck and a teeny weeny bit on my temples for my headaches I am in Canada I am not sure if it is available in the US ....and DO not get it near your EYES!!! but it does help my headaches if Iput it on my shoulders my neck etc....(((Sheena))) 
Yes, you NEED THE DRUGS!!!!
Goodwitch-your welcome - just make sure not to get it near your eyes or near your mucous membranes it will sting/burn like crazy!! But it does wonders on the shoulders/neck for the tension/migraine headache and a little on the temples ...remember just a teeny tiny dab!!! And I agree totally with you about the herbal remedies for E....one should always ask neuro/doctor before trying anything herbal.....they are the doctors!!! take care (((Sheena)))
Hi all, 
Jeannie-
I dont even belong here, I'm from the fibro forum, but since you asked I think acupuncture is amazing. I don't think it can cure cancer or anything but I know it can help with pain. I've had accupressure treatments for my fibro pain and muscle cramps and have to admit it really works. And I understand that the nerves are connected because I remember something I learned in nurse's training about 'referred pain'. One example was to be aware that if a female patient had shoulder pain it  was a symptom of a tubal pregancy... which seemed weird at the time til they explained that the nerves that are for the fallopian tubes and the ones for your shoulder run up the spinal cord nest to each other. Seems that intense pain can sometimes affect the nearby nerves in the cord... or something like that... So why not acupuncture?
I use a multivit., B-complex, Cal. magnesium as I believe all women should. Although, I can honestly say it hasn't stopped me from having seizures and I still take my Lamictal faithfully. Speaking about making adjustments in your medication....I have a high sensitivity to almost all drugs and found a way to keep it in my system yet not zonked for the day. I take my meds 4x's a day instead of the usual 1x or 2x's a day at very high doses. It works for me and my neuro said if you're disciplined enough to do it, great. So, I take a total of 750 mg per day with the largest dose of 400mg at night. I feel it's given me a better quality of life. I don't suffer from the pounding headaches, blurred vision and lethargy that come from the higher doses. It may be something to think about and discuss with your neuro.cm
I was wondering if any of you suffer with migraines.  I take imitrex for my migraines, but really the side effects can be worse then the migraines.  Tyneol does not touch my headaches.  I haven't found alot of relief with anything over the counter.  I do not have seizures now, I had surgery and it stopped the seizures, but still have migraines.      mercyme
For those of you who don't know, I had another appointment with my neurologist today. While there is no actual evidence from the various tests that I have epilepsy (all of my tests came back normal) he thinks that since there are no other reasonable explainations for my condition, it is a good possibilty and has decided that it is time to attempt treatment. I am to start my medication today, gradually increasing the doseage from 200 mg to about 400 mg each day. The normal doseage for someone my size would be more like 800 mg, but the idea is to see if the medication has any effect at all. If the seizures do in fact change in intensity or in frequency, we know the medication is doing its job, pretty much confirming that I do in fact have epilepsy. I can't remember what the medication is called right now and I'm too tired to bother finding out. At any rate, I hope it starts doing its job!
The medication is something called Carbamaz. There are several other names for the same drug, I believe. It is effective in treating simple partial, complex partial and tonic-clonic type seizures. Since I didn't get my medication until today, I am waiting until tonight to take my first doseage. (Medication instructions are to take a doseage before bed, then once the levels are increased, take one when I get up and one when I go to bed) Apparently common reactions that usually go away after a couple weeks include dizziness, drowsiness, unsteadiness, headaches, double vision, nausea, and allergic skin rashes. Sounds like fun! lol-Chris
I am getting ready to go to a neuroligist specialist today. I never knew they had other neuroligist.I guess this one is someone who will do what test nessary to find out what to do next. I have been on dilanton, tegratol, carbatrol, lamictal, keppra, thebest one so far is keppra.although I am on 200mg of lamictal and 1000mg of keppra..... so needless to say I don't know how I feel or think any more...lol so it has been 15yrs and my memory is shot, and for all I know I probably had them all my life (complex partial) just did'nt know that all the time I spaced out reallybad withshallow breathing, it might have been???? Now that I am more educated in the fact with a few grandmal under my belt....I am feed up. I just want to remember things again!!!! I have a 10yr old daughter and a 15 yr old daughter and a husband for 15yrs, they are my memory!!! I just want to remember how the holidayswere....you know.
Michelle, best of luck. I hope the appointment goes very well and that there is help for you!!
Glad things went well and hope everything works out with your insurance.  HUGS to you.  Tracy

Michelle, I am so glad that the appointment went so well!! Hoping the monitoring goes equally well and you can find real help!!
Michelle- you're not rambling! If you feel like the increased lamictal dose is causing you to have these symptoms, then don't hesitate to call your doc if things are not settling down and relate your symptoms.  There isn't any reason you have to suffer.  You are probably sleep deprived on top of everything and anxious to boot due to your recent visit!  And of course, DEFINITELY relax!  Maybe some herbal tea?  (((((BIG HUG, Michelle)))))!!!    - Glendacomplex partial seizures since 22

Hi there. I am a new member. I was dx with CP in tl about 10 months ago and have not been stabilized fully yet. Have tried to work but am just starting med leave after period of intense stress and increasing seizures. My question is the past 2 nights I have been tossing and turning and flopping all over the bed either dreaming/having seizures....then waking up .....rolling over and cuddling my husband for comfort and thinking oh no not again....falling asleep----then the cycle repeats itself....I dont know if I am having deja vu....seizures....dreaming....if its from new meds...my neuro just changed meds to Keppra 1000 mg daily also take tegretol and topomax, if anyone has any ideas please let me know......would really apprecieate I feel like I am going insane! Also past 2 days with change in barometric pressure here in Canada (snow/rain storms) have had strings of SP's and aura's and deja vu's like crazy......do you think I should call my neuro? I see him again on the 28th. Thanks for all your help. Take care and good health all!
I have had similar experiences for the past week with the tossing and turning and stuff...pretty much the whole night. My seizures have been worse and more frequent lately because I'm not getting my sleep. I'm not sure if its just insomnia, or if theres something more to it. I have a temp job when I can work it, but I haven't been working because I have to get up at 5am for the job and haven't been getting to sleep until 3am or later. :-( As far as calling your neurologist, well, I guess that depends on how serious it feels. I would, if this is a lot off of normal.-Chris
Hi I am new to this .... I have been seizure free for many yrs ...Well in Oct 2004 my Dr. wants to take me off my Pheno & put me on The Drug from .... God the side effects are horrbile, I take 100mg in the morn. & 100mg at nite. The Obsessive Worrying/Anxiety Attacks,stress ,my heart pounding can't get a nite sleep I want off,,,this is not living ....God I wish Someone could help me Dr on Vacation his nurse told me to hang in there till he gets back on Monday.Yeah I Lost weight but what a price to Pay ones Mind .....I need Peace Fast. Thanx for Listening, Linda ( Keep thing Possitive)

Hi there...no I am not in BC I am in Ontario ! I am glad to know that the weather affects others (not that other have to suffer!) because at least finally from these forums can get some answers!  
Hi Sheena, I was on pheno and was fine because I turned 40 he said the pheno will hurt my bones as I get older, he change me to topamax, and now I am having a hard time dealing with anything,on the norm i am a very happy Cherrful carefree person that LOVES LIFE This &quot;Topamax&quot; makes me depressed do these side effects go away...I just want off this stuff . Help!!! LINDA
I take Keppra now even though I have had surgery. Th length of time between dignosis and surgery allowed kindling and another focus to form on the other side. Either that was the cause or the &quot;day long&quot; Status from my first EMU's negligence did it. That's why I still need one AED after surgery. Just wanted to explain.  Anyway, when I first started Keppra, I had a hard time going to sleep. I figured out why though and made an adjustment.  If you take an antidepressant at bed time, it will keep you awake. It does me anyway. Keppra has that same effect for me. If I take it too close to bedtime, I will toss and turn and not fall asleep as I should.  I changed the time I take my P.M. dose, and it really made a difference tool I take it around 8pm and no later. I go to sleep without a problem now. Depression is very common in Epilepsy from the meds, the seizures, the effect of both on the brain's chemistry, as well as the effect on quality of life. I never have had strange dreams on my AEDS, and I have taken them for nearly 40 years and Keppra since 1999. Also, I wanted to mention that as my seizures worsened before surgery, I started sleep walking and waking in strange places my home. Those were Complex Partials. If you are now doing things in your sleep that you did not use to do, your doc needs to know.  If your sleep is disturbed, you are more vulnerable to seizure activity since lack of sleep or disturbed/unrestful sleep is trigger for many.  Me too. It is important to get adequate undisturbed sleep each night. Phoebe
If this should go to a different thread then someone feel free to tell me. I am 61 male. about my wife if she is close. Anyone else with similar experience that can offer advice or suggestions?

I dont know if I mentioned this before, but there are docs that specialize in " Catamenial Seizure " disorder.. I went to one a couple of years ago.... She moved to California now... But if you can find one, they are very helpful.... even a good GYN might be able to work with your neurologist... that is who told me the word Catamenial... my GYN.... I never knew there was such a thing till a couple of years ago...
thanks for the info. My DD does have more seizures around her cycle, too. Sorry to hear that yours might not ease up with menopause.....figures, though, Epilepsy does not seem to follow what makes sense....Glad you had a good night with none!! Hang in there!

CM, I am also sorry that you had a bad seizure and vomiting to boot! How awful, Hoping that you get over this flu/virus very soon! Hang in there....So glad hubby was there to help you, too!
I'm sorry you had a bad seizure today, and then threw up- it's no fun being sick especially then having a seizure.  I hope you feel better soon!~ Jessica
  &nbsp;I am sorry you are having such a bad time. Are you taking medication at the present? Do you normally have warnings before a seizure? 
I have cp seizures in tl---lately have been having more sp's in strings of deja vu like auras where I stop and stare and freeze---i take topomax tegretol and Kappra.....I get a feeling come over me of the deja vu or "its going to happen again"...I can usually tell when its going to be a bad day when I wake up cuz I feel disoriented, tired, groggy lethargic and it takes all I have just to get out of bed and move about. Those days I usually know I am going to have a seizure, also usually my anxiety level/emotions (crying) is elevated and usually my IBs (diarrhea ) may be flared. Sometimes hard to concentrate and memory is poor....hope this is helpful! 
For those who wanted to know how my seizures started:

I'm still on my meds and Yes I drive but never during periods like this. Since my husband and I work at the brokerage together I can ride with him. When I'm not feeling well I won't go in public places unless he's with me.  I've learned to adjust my life accordingly. If there is one thing I would never consider doing is going off of any med without my neuro's approval. With my Lamictal level dropping as low as it has in the last few weeks that's a great indicator to me what could happen if you went off of your meds. No thanks, I sure don't want to be in that state. I'm on my way to work and keeping my fingers crossed that there will not be any seizures today. Had a very slow start this morning, but after a cup of coffee I'm out of the funk.

Hi!  I just found this forum and have enjoyed reading the various posts.  
Topomax was the first drug i was on and let me tell you, it wasn't good at all for me!  I started taking it right before highschool final exams and I noticed a change in my ability to concentrate and remember things.  This is one of the side affects from it.  Since then, my family and i have nicknamed it Stupidmax- it made me feel so stupid, after starting on lamictal, I was a lot better.  It must make it a lot harder that your son can't speak.  I have tonic clonic seizures and so far, out of the three meds i've been on, Keppra has been the best for me.  but it depends on the person and their reactions to the drugs!  hope that helps and welcome to the forum!~ Jessica
topomax for me takes away my appetite, and I also found concentration problems and memory problems but not sure if that is the meds or the seizures. Definetly the lack of appetite I noticed right away. Good luck!
i have only been on topamax for about 8 days. i am climbing towards 100 mg and am at 50 right now. for me... my hands tingle and my tongue tingles a couple hours after taking it. sometimes i will feel like i am STARVING and then i take 4 bites and i feel like i just ate an elephant.. and then an hour later same thing. I can't eat a lot at once but it feels really good to eat a few bites every hour. i know a lot of people don't feel hungry so it's easily to go long periods of eating. i dont know his eating situation (my friend's son is epileptic and has a feeding tube) but if he does eat on his own i would be offering snacks all day on the medication to make sure he was getting enough. it definitely does something to the way you metabolize food. other than that i feel great... i do get very dry lips as well, no matter how much water i drink.
Thank you for your notes of encouragement. I'm doing better today...took alot of time to rest yesterday and taking it easy today to get my strength back for another work week. I hate to miss work and only call off when I absolutely have to.They count on me alot because I'm not only the office administrator I also play a vital role in 1/2 of the entire business. I work for a brokerage house that is very fast paced and you have to be ready to jump in with both feet everyday or you might as well stay home. I'm fortunate that my husband also works at the brokerage so if any emergency comes up he's usually there to help out and drive me home. My employers are very understanding because my one boss suffers from anxiety and has alot of empathy for those of us who suffer from physical impairements. My last job I was also in administration and that is were I experienced my first seizure during a business meeting. Fortunately, I was able to leave the meeting because I didn't feel well and go back to my office and call the receptionist before I fell out. They were very understanding as well, but I always got this underlying feeling that they were worried I would hurt myself on the job and file against them. It was so far from what I would ever do that I almost had to laugh. The business closed due to financial difficulties and I needed to find another job.. talk about vulnerable...trying to look for something new knowing that there is a very good chance you would possibly have a seizure on the job. I'm beginning to realize that there are alot of people who&nbsp;try to keep their condition a secret because of fear. I'm by nature a very private person..but have been forced to share things that otherwise&nbsp;would have made me feel uncomfortable. So, as you can see by me sharing on this website I've overcome that. I guess over the years I've found that there are very few people you can trust... and I tend to judge trust by my standard which is very high. But, since I've found I have to trust people to care for me when I'm having a seizure (before,during and after) I've overcome all of that.

Hi. Tough day. Called neuro re bizarre night happenings I posted about earlier. All he seemed interested in was asking about how the Keppra was working. Well, I said....I am not having cp's ....but now am having daily strings of sp's or aura's is this normal or usual. He said it is too early in assessment but how is the Keppra??? I said well it has only been 9 days I have heard it takes a long time to adj. to body...I said but I have noticed I feel better and have not had any unconscious cp's since going on med leave -working on computer system---thats not what I am asking you.....how do you like the KEppra.....I am feeling realy frustrated, sad, ready to scream!! I am supposed to be getting rest so that I can de-stress and let body heal and let meds regulate and work and let IBS settle down,,,,,,this seems so useless sometimes!! THanks for listening..also just finally got roe to apply for med benefits applied online then was told need another roe from previous job and also another doctors note from family physician....who is away for 2 weeks/////this will delay process and money for 2 more weeks....sorry to sound like such a pity party....thx for listening.  
Sheena-complex partial seizures since 22
Hi Sheena, uhhh!! Sometimes the neuro can be so frustrating.  They don't listen to us, they just want to hear the questions they are asking!!  It is hard but keep up the positive attitude.  It is very hard, I myself have E, IBS, and Ulcer and bad acid reflux.  All stress related and hard on my body.  You have to try to relax.  I find it almost impossible.  I just claim it is the way my brain is &quot;wired&quot; and this is the only way I know how to function!! Anyhow, I am on the Keppra too.  Been for about 7 months now.  Give yourself time.  These drugs are a kick in the ass and head so no worries everything you feel is totally normal (tired, dizzy, lack or coordination ect.) take care hope you find out more about disability soon. Tracy
Hi Goodwitch Daisy and Minnie66 --thank you all you all lifted my spirits today when I came on here--thank you for that and for the good advice!! I will keep on top of the doctors and when I see neuro on the 28th I will demand some answers for the nightime issues--thx! It does make one feel better to know that we all go through it together doesnt it ? Like a family sort of ? It is a nice feeling ---thank you very much for cheering me up......I got up today and vomited my am meds lol!! and horrible IBS again!!! But had some progress on the disability so will keep hanging on.......happiness and good health to all !! (((())))) 



I am epileptic and my meds. are keepping the sezures under control it is more of the side affects.&nbsp; Plus on top of the stupid epilpsy that gets my speach and that I have IBS that dows not help my sleep.&nbsp; 
jcercomplex partial seizures since 22
Yuck Yuck, I hear you.
The IBS is horrible isnt it?? I agree with all  of you....it is a vicious cycle between the meds...the stomach issues and the stress....also the emotional issues with the medications .....I am on Keppra and have noticed that I have been crying a lot lately too. What do you guys eat with your IBS that you are able to keep in your system? I am having a hard time keeping anything in me. Thanks ! Take care all.


Hi Randy and James

Randy this is indeed awful!! I get so angry at knowit all docs who do things like this and walk away....Vent any time, man.......thanks for sharing your sister's story.....
Hi guys....well I posted yesterday about how I was feeling depressed.
I am so sorry! This well meaning friend just does not get it! Cigs are an addiction, they are packed with drugs making you want to keep it up.....(Mind you I am a strong NON smoker, but I cannot breathe near even the smell of smoke...) It is just so strong and so hard to quit.I will always listen!

Hi Goodwitch! You are back! and with more kind and good advice as usual --thank you! I should know better then to even discuss my health with this person....I try not to....today couldnt avoid it unfortunately...and you are right the lack of sleep for sure is making me way more emotional! Thanks again for listening have a good night-(((Sheena))) 
It's another day.  How are you feeling?complex partial seizures since 22
How is Life today ??
Hi Mary...you are right I should not take to heart when others say negative things you are so right thank you for understanding....you make me feel so much better ! (((SHEENA))) 
Hi Goodwitch! How are you today? I a feeling a little better today...called my mother in law and she is going to take me for my appt on the 28th if she is not working so I will not have to go with this person if she can take me. I decided that I will be proud of me....I have made a lot of strides and we certainly all understand what a toll this can take on us right? THe combo of meds/stress/financial/lack of sleep etc.... the problem is too that he is a friend of my spouse as well.....I dont like to bring it up with my spouse because it always causes an argument ...last night he said you two are just going to have to learn to get along......well its not a case of that.....so theres really no point even bothering cuz they just dont get the point of it see? My spouse is manic depressive and does not get out a lot ....this is a friendship that he has developed that has been really positive....I would hate to see it ruined over such a stupid thing....see what I mean? I am an adult....I will choose what to do with my body. We both smoke.....we both are trying to cut down and quit and we will....we dont need his nosiness to help end of story lol!! Yah I can be a fiesty one when I feel ok lol! Had the same screwed up sleep/dreams /seizures???last night again....almost pushed my poor hubby out of the bed and this time I did wake him up so I can at least report this activity to the neuro as possible nightime seizure activity right? Sorry for rambling....you all have been so good to me....thank you so very much from the bottom of my heart. Sheena 
Hi Minnie 66! Thanks again for all your help and support...I just put a post above and rambled on and on to another wonderful supporter about how my day was so will not repeat myself and bore you!!

Hey Goodwitch!
NOW !!!!! I know why we all got IBS... DuH... Chocolate !!!! &nbsp;I am a chocaholic !!!!!&nbsp; I eat chocolate for breakfast !!!&nbsp; Shhh... Dont tell anyone !!!    ........

Good day ! Unfortunately I do not own a copy! I will have to go out and get one so I can join you! Do you watch CSI, SURVIVOR or ER? Those are my weaknesses I will admit to you....especially CSI and ER. 


Hi I just wanted to add that I had my first grand mal at age 23.  Interesting stuff!
Wow !! You see it is common age... I know I met alot on another site in the past year also, that had their symptoms rise at this age...
Glenda !!!!


Dorothy-
Re the hormones, Estrogen lowers the seizure threshold making one more vulnerable to having a seizure. Progesterone raises it giving some protection in that you can tolerate more activity before it becomes a seizure. I would always have a seizure a couple of days before my period due to those two hormones being at the levels they are at that time, Estrogen up and Progesterone down. Phoebe

Hi guys,
Hi Gordee
It can be different for everyone....Keeping a journal is a great idea to figure what yours are...You will figure it out as you go.....
Hmmm, repetitive noise... that never set off a seizure in me, but flickering lights do sometimes.  I agree with the others.  A journal is a good idea.  Sometimes, a trigger is very obvious.  Sometimes it is delayed.  For me, for example, a seizure would occur on the 4th-5th day of a medication change but no sooner.  And I would always get one the day before my period.  So... you might have to do a little detective work before you figure out if you have any direct triggers.  For me, half of my seizures don't really have a direct trigger that I can pinpoint... just the way it goes!    Glendacomplex partial seizures since 22

Hi ....I just thought of another big trigger for me lately...the weather! I live in Canada and when the barometric pressure drops ie (snow storm) I feel way off for a few days and have seizures...so this may/may not be a trigger for you. Good luck!  
My 15 year old neice had her first seizure at the age of 4. She's been taking tegretol ever since just different kinds as she got older. But I'm afriad for her since now that she's older that she might be hanging around with the wrong crowd & start smoking & drinking. I know she won't smoke ciggerettes because my sister died from it but if she ever smoked weed or got drunk would that effect her seizures in any way? Thanks, Mikala.
HI    

Being a person around the same age, well, i'm 19, as your niece, I understand what she's going through.  She needs to understand that drinking and smoking aren't the only ways to have fun- if she wants to be healthy, then that should come first.  I've never drank, partly because of my epilepsy because i don't want to know what would happen and partly because i like having fun without the use of other stimulants.  As for the pot- my brother who is actually going to graduate school to become a psychology was doing some research on pot and it's affects on epilepsy.  i'm not sure what he found out yet, but i can let you know!  All i know is that your niece should be more worried about staying healthy then trying to be cool because it's not very cool when you have a seizure in front of an entire chemistry lab class- let me tell you!  well, hope that helps! ~Jessica
Hi all,
I have been feeling better, no seizures other than annoying auras since the dose was increased MOnday.
I may have posted about this, before, but I can't remember, so I am doing it possibly again.
Hi, my 3 year old grandson was recently diagnosed with epilepsy. He will be doing a sleep study over the weekend here at home. Does anyone have a child in this age range with this condition? I heard that a child can outgrow it, is this correct? Thank you for anything you can tell me.
Hi Tanya!Close family member has had epilepsy for more than 45 years.
 
Mary-  I too have heard nothing from SSD in over 2 years.  My lawyer has heard  nothing about my hearing.  This isn't the way I had planned my life to be.  I am lucky to have a wonderful husband that carries health insurance and goes to work with a smile on his face.  Others are not so lucky as me and I feel for them.  It is so important that people stand up for each other and support each other.  complex partial seizures since 22

Randy, I hear you- most of those people that don't have insurance aren't seeing&nbsp;a doctor for their medical problems and few are taking proper medications.&nbsp; When I look at the retail prices of the drugs I get from the pharmacy I have to laugh, I mean, who in the heck is paying RETAIL prices anyway? Even with my co-pay I still have to pay $100 a month for my drugs.&nbsp; And I have insurance????&nbsp; What is this country coming to?&nbsp; Pretty soon,&nbsp; the co-pay won't make much of a difference!&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; OK....now I guess I have vented also, sorry....


 
MARY

Hey Mary....I read your story and may I say that I am very sorry for what you went through in the past, but am very impressed by your attitude and courage and determination. I am Canadian and all I have to say is that I am so very thankful for all the support that I have received from all of you on this forum....universally......I couldn't do it without you all.....thank you all for your kind words and support I think you are the greatest! Sheena
Hi, I have read your post, and agree that we need better health care in the USA.  I too had to fight for my ssd, I finally got it, but had to pay my lawyer $800.00 not fair, but what do you do?      Mercyme/Cindy
i had my first seizure a month ago and im scared about it happening again. i need somebody to talk to about it, another person with epilepsy.
HI Gonny, you will find many people here who really understand and are more than willing to listen and talk to you! I am so sorry you had a seizure. Some people have just one and then will not have another. It is still important to have tests to see if this is likely for you. EEG, MRI, are two of the first ones usually done. Ginny
HI Gonny!  I hope you are feeling better.  I was so scared after my tonic clonic this summer.  Hang in there.  IT is scary for sure, but things will get better.  Hope to hear from you soon & take care.  Welcome to the forum. Tracy
Hello.&nbsp; This is my first time on this site.&nbsp; I have been trying to find information on becoming pregnant and how this works with medication.&nbsp; I was diagnosed with a seizure disorder last July.&nbsp; I tried a few different meds and have continued with Lamictal.&nbsp; After reading some of your stories I feel lucky for only having 1 seizure maybe every 6 months.&nbsp; For those of you who have had children, were you concerned that there would be birth defects&nbsp;or&nbsp;if it would trigger seizures?&nbsp; I have a two year old son and had no complications with him.&nbsp;&nbsp;Is it safe for you and the baby, or is it taking too big of a risk for both of you?

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
I have 2 friends who have had TLE surgery and they do have a dent. Is it visable or are you able to feel it? I am sure it is noticable to you.....Have you asked the neuro surgeon if it will decrease in time?Ginny
Hi,
Glad you did call the pharmacist and he swapped with you! It makes sense that it could be somehting like that and if the pharmacist does not get told they would not report any issues. I wonder if he can check?Hang in there!
&nbsp;
Thanks Cindy!  I sent you an email too.  I would love to be &quot;normal&quot; again.   complex partial seizures since 22
Mary-complex partial seizures since 22
Yep.... Those words " BRAIN SURGERY " can give you looks.... I hate to tell anybody I am considering getting surgery..... they think .. I need a shrink instead, they say... Why... you have no problems.... they say... you are fine... why do you need brain surgery.....


Cowardy Lion (a.k.a. Dorothy)-

Hi, I have not met another photosensitive epileptic person so feeling depressed aboutIf there is anyone out there can you post on here I just have a few questions. Thanks x
My 20-something daughter has recently had a couple of seizures.&nbsp; We are aware of past drug and alcohol use, but not on the days when she had the "seizures".&nbsp; The last one was in the middle of the night and was unobserved but she bit her tongue badly and woke herself up.&nbsp; The first one was observed and described as a seizure.&nbsp; She denies drug/alcohol use on the days when she has seized.&nbsp; She is very depressed, however, Can depression cause seizures?&nbsp; I am trying to make an appointment with a neurologist for a consult.&nbsp; I am posting on depression forum as well.&nbsp; She is seeing a therapist for the depression.&nbsp; 
The neurologist yesterday said stress cannot cause the seizures.  Is tongue biting a pretty strong indicator of seizure disorder?  If it is drug/alcohol related, will the seizures go away if she stops abusing or is there &quot;permanent&quot; damage?

I know this is from over four years ago so it is a very long shot, but I think I am in a similar situation to concereddad's daughter. I am only fifteen, and last year on a band trip to florida I had a very severe attack. After two hours the EMT's gave me oxygen which stopped the hyperventalation. I had attacks after that, thinking they were just 'panic attacks' and I moved on. Gradually over the summer they decreased in length and severity, but now that school is starting they seem to get worse. I black out during my seizures or episodes. There was one seizure that I did not even hyperventalate, I just didn't breathe. I need help. The doctors think it could be lymes disease, but I'm being told it could be just stress. My neurologist says I'm not epileptic, and my EEG and MRI came back normal, but I don't want to take the chance of something being looked over. I don't know how this works, but if Concerneddad could tell me what he found out about his daughter that would be great. Thank you
Hey Concerned Dad
  &nbsp;Your welcome Bloodhound 12,
       Psuedoseizures, depression, anxiety~
I've had TLE since I was 3, but never properly diagnosed 'til 13 and only put on medicine regularly since I was 21, over 30 years.
I'm so worried.&nbsp; She is 22, a lifelong A student, and has had 4 Grand Mal seizures -&nbsp;1 at 14, 1 a year ago, and 2 within the last 3 weeks.&nbsp; She has been on Lamictal since the first one, and it works just fine - unless she's gotten drunk the night before.&nbsp; 
Hi..

Epilepsy and seizure disorder are the same thing. Both mean that you have recurring seizures....Take care, Ginny
Thanks so much for responding everyone.. The funny thing is that in comparison to alot of people i am on a relatively low dosage of tegretol.. see i started out at 200 mg 2x a day.. was great for a few years till i got pregnant,, and the drs think that my hormones were affecting but i had a seizure at 6 weeks pregnant,, they double my dose to 400 mg 2x a day (which still seems low in comparison) and my son is now 3, so almost 4 yrs seizure free. I didnt know that tegretol can effect the liver.. i heard once by an ER dr the day that i had that last seizure that my blood should be checked monthly for tegretol levels.. but my neurologist told me no.. that i am fine.. and i trust his word so far so i will leave it at that..i geuss i can live with the inability to find the word that i am looking for.. now me bein a hypochondriac the liver thing will bother me.. lol.. but i dont drink either so i geuss that helps too. Anyways, thanks all for responding Take Care
boolieAllow me to ellaborate on the liver problems that I have had with Tegretol (I really dont want to freak you out but you need to know the scoop). I currently take 800mgx2 of TegretolXR, originally and for about 19years I took just the regular tegretol now please understand that these are two different meds in a sense (the regular old tegretol and the XR). The regular old tegretol as I refer to it are generally little white aspirin looking pills if you crush them up they are chalkee looking very similar to an aspirin; I took these for 19years and tookpart in very regular blood monitoring, one day my skin began turning a yellowish color and the first thing that my general practicioner came back was Hepatitus as it turns out years of using the old tegretol was putting a strain on my liver I switched the XR version and things have been fine ever since (knock on wood).
I am wondering if any one else has experienced De Ja Vu then spaceing out but not going into a full Seizure this has happened to me twice now  on Friday because i need routine blood draws and Dr appoint ments but who can afford that I guess I am looking for advice and for some one out there to tell me i am not the only one haveing these.
I'm looking for anyone else out there who has emotional epilepsy.  this type of epilepsy. I just want to talk to somebody who is going through the same thing so I dont feel so alone.
Hi i am Cheyenne it has been a while sense i have posted anything,had another scary occurance the other night all day I had the worse migraine and towards the evening on my way to see my daughter,my boy-friend had to rush me to the hospital it was very scary,I know I need a brain scan but do to being cut from my insurance this has not been done   so I sit in fear alot does any one know what this is like?
Okay, my name is Eliska and for the last year and a half I have been experiencing something very odd.  Please tell me what is happening or if you have ever done the same thing.
I'm looking for somebody that use Keppra , Lyrica or Trileptal and have no problem with itI do not mean generic, I mean the originals (they are slightly diffrent)
I'm trying to find out a little more about what's happening to me)... I know I'm not just doing this on purpose!
I hope they can help you figure it out! Glad the doctor is finally paying attention. Sounds really aggravating....
I had Todd's about 4-5 days.&nbsp; I'm not sure if it could effect just both legs or not.&nbsp; That would be a question for a neuro.&nbsp;I have also had it only effect my face and arm slightly.&nbsp; But, again only on the right side.&nbsp; I hope this helps you.&nbsp; Good luck&nbsp;
Hello, I just came across your post and even though you posted it years ago I thought I'd try my luck anyway. A friend of mine is currently suffering from todd's paralysis after a seizure. It is affecting both his legs just like it affected you. Howver, what is worrisome is the fact that it has been almost a week while most cases end after 48 hours. Do you know if this is cause for concern? He is a bit stubborn and is refusing to see a doctor at the moment. What kind of medication or excercises did the doctor advice you? Is there something we can do to help him recover?
I have Complex Partial Seizures with Secondary Generalized Tonic Clonic Seizures.  I was having De Ja Vu ones for awhile, not knowing that it was all of this.  I just thought it was wild to have it.  Then after a very stress for week or two of work, I came home on a Friday night and fell asleep on the couch and woke up in the back of an ambulance.  I had a seizure that left me very sore the next day.  I went to a Neurologist, who ended up being a joke.  I went to another one who did not want to say anything against the first one.  I gave up on it.  The Complex Partial Seizures started coming on more often.  When I was at my Cardiologist (I have Aortic Insufficiency, then started having another heart problem which after years of trying to figure it out, was heart failure, I had to get a pace maker) he suggested a Cardiologist.  I have been seeing her for over a year.  After another 6 months, I was seizure free. That following Monday I finally was able to drive again.  That day at lunch I had one.  Mother had to drive me home.  I haven't been able to drive in 2 or 3 years.  It has sucked!  I have to depend on the only two people in my life right now, my mother and my sister.  I am feeling VERY sad and totally alone.  It gets worse as time goes by.  I had another one last week.  I have a picture of me seconds before it and a picture of me in it.  My sister was taking pictures of me and my flower planting I have been doing.  I cry seeing all the posts on FB of everything everyone is doing.  I say I really have no friends on there, and I get a few who say they are my friend.  But does anyone want to pick me up and get me out of the house once in awhile?  No.  My sister has her own life and doesn't seem to have time for me.  She takes me to the doctor and that is about
Hi I am hopeing someone can help me or give me some advice I have been told tomorrow I have to call Department of Licensing and ask if my licence is ok?July 31rst I had a seizure and had a small accident no charges were pressed but when I saw my dr she said I need to&nbsp;in form&nbsp;DOL:(   been very depressed and would appreciate any advice or justy someone to talk to so I don't feel so alone&nbsp; thank you for listening Cheyenne
For years on and off they come on sudden. I will feel out of it. Let me explain my last episode.... I was feeling bad all day there are those days i will wake up ok or not ok. I was cooking dinner and feeling like i said.. OUT OF IT! Kind of in a fog, tunnel, like dream like state. I knew what was going on around me i knew i was getting dinner ready but i felt horrible, my face was numb, my heart rate was up, i felt short of breath prob from my heart rate being up. Went to the ER! By the time i got to the ER my left upper leg muscle started twitching, my right hand kept twitching or jerking like a fish every once in awhile. It progressed to my jaw started to clench down i could not get my mouth to stop clenching down or opening rearranging and closing was the weirdest thing. Im sitting in the hospital bed wondering what's going on they took blood did an EKG had me hooked to heart monitor cus my heart kept jumping from 87 to 120 then to 96 to 70 then to 116 then stayed in the upper 90s. Was sweaty  out if it  im thinking i was having a seizure?  Any help would be appreciated.  They monitored me for a few hours then sent me home. Told me nothing!  Crazy!  P.S.... For some reason they cant find the reason! Im thinking partial focal seizure. Due to the symptoms i was experiencing then and i have experienced in the past. But could be wrong.
has anyone been diagnosed with these?&nbsp; If so, how does clonazepam and diazepam type drugs work for this?
I'm on vimpat been on for a good year seizures not to good with it. But I have been on all the meds they can use. I've had brain surgery which did not do good and was a waste of time I can't work now I just enjoy life the way it is and sometimes no to happy with it. What are you people doing now with having to live with what is happening. Also is there anyone on vimpat which things are going ok. They have also damaged my back spine for what the meds are doing tests have come back and I was not happy with that ate ll.
IMO ~ Don't keep switching Doctors.Current Medications: Diantin 275mg, Pheonobarb 150mg, Asocol 3,000 mg.
This may be a long shot, but...Thanks.

about a few months ago I wake myself up after falling on the floor was slep but had jerks kinda felt like I couldn't breath,like my brain was on pause for.some seconds&I was fighting to get air. Last month samething I have quick head jerks &I jerk so hard my foot hit glass table by bed&I was sleeping at end of bed these jerks come out no where,Iam starting ti worry bad because it happen a few weeks ago again has me scared and makes my anxiety worse when I feel like Iam getn better here this come. I need to get to the doctor because I have real bad headaches here lately to the point it feels lije someone is stepn on my head,makes me grab my head  quickly from the pain&makes me scared something is in my head that shouldn't be there at all. New to this formum but been on healing well for a few months now,someone help me please with what you think all this jerkn and head problems could be will be grateful for any advice thank you much Soul!
My son had a stroke 2 days after he was born which was diagnosed after he started having seizures. Wanted to get a second opinion here-Would like to know if anyone can give more detailed explanation of the MRI report. Does diffusion hyperintensity across the areas mentioned mean those all areas are affected? What does &quot;The visualized orbital contents are grossly unremarkable&quot; mean? Here is the MRI reportImpression: Left hemispheric signal abnormality which suggesting recent infarction. Peri-ictal signal changes is considered less likely. No evidence of acute intracranial hemorrhage,midline shift or hydrocephalus.
Hi there, I'm new to the forum, and would greatly appreciate any and all advice on my situation. Please bear with me as I tell the longwinded story of my travails with epilepsy, from my diagnosis to now, including what medications I’ve taken over the years. Truly, any input you have on whether or not my brain chemistry may be permanently altered, and any suggestions as to where I should go from here, are very, very much appreciated.Lara
Hi my daughter as a baby had epilepsy then at 4yrs of age came off all medication and has been fine for 10yrs,until this April. She had a cluster of seizures and put back on medication and once it started to work it seemed to calm down. Until Thursday she had one at school, one Saturday and early hours Monday morning they were her normal seizures. Then midday Monday she started having violent seizures lasted 2 mins-8 mins called ambulance went to hospital... All I can say from then on she didn't really stop they tried giving, phenytoin lorazepam and paraldehyde but still for the next 72hrs she was in and out of fits all the time she was lucky to get a 2hr break in between a cluster, one seizure was non stop for a hour! Now they are saying they think she has epilepsy but these are non-epileptic. They are going to arrange for her to go to therapy this is all well and good if it's true as you will understand she only came out of hospital Friday, my brain is mush at the moment can't think straight.. Just wondered if people on here that suffer non-epileptic seizures have you been told your seizures are more violent and what do you / person looking after you do if you don't stop fitting i.e. Do you still go to hospital as I can't handle 3hrs of what I've witnessed her going through let alone another 72hrs and at home. Really could do with some advice as doctors didn't say and I was stupid and forgot to ask.

I&nbsp;also have a teen that just started having seizures this spring. They say hers are stress related. Apparently epileptic or non-epileptic still need to be controlled with meds. Good Luck!! Where are you located?&nbsp;We are in PA.&nbsp;Keep you chin up, I know there can be moments of despair. Helps me to know you guys are out there, also feeling everything I am. Let me know if I can help. Pam&nbsp;  
  &nbsp;
From what I have read most anti depressents like Lexipro counteract drugs/people with seizure disorders.  It lowers the threshold.  Just a thought.  The stress and abuse can have alot to do with it as well.  I hope she feels better. Take care, Tracy
Sounds very familiar. My 15 year old has never has an EEG show any seizure activity. However, an MRI shows scarring on her Left Temporal Lobe. So as one person said it is important to control the seizures no matter what thier cause.



Hi my name is Tille (pronounced Tilly), I am twenty years old and a little scared. When I was young I had febrile seizures. I was a very sick baby born with heart problems. I know that febrile seizures are very very very rare in adults so i was wondering what is goin on with me. I am not epileptic, and i have only had 3 seizures in the last 3 years. I had one last night. I was sleeping with my boyfriend and he said that I woke him up because i was rigid and shaking. He said that i sounded like i was choking on my tongue and that i was hot to the touch and sweating. I looked like i was blinking very fast and i wasnt responding to him talking to me or trying to wake me up. All i remember is waking up to a very scared and worried boyfriend. I felt like there was a fire inside of me i was so hot. My muscles were tired and i couldnt catch my breath. I felt like i had just finished running a marathon. Brad said that it lasted from the time he woke up about 
 

Hi I call myself housebound at 55 I was diagonosed with NES it seemed to happen 4 days after I had surgery to remove hardware from a disc I had removed a year early.&nbsp; I also lost my job my license so called friends and family.&nbsp; I have an aura &amp; sometimes can tell when it comes on I also fall asleep am not aware of surrondings and do not remember what happens before or after I have about 5 a day from 30 mins to 1 hour they say no treatment no cure so here I sit with no meds and not even a dr anymore no job no car in more then out I have been to Rhode Island were I live New Hampshire,&nbsp; Lahey Clinic in Mass. anymore suggestions on where to get some help fractured my collar bone 3 times and a concussion&nbsp; knocked right out of the picture.&nbsp; Any help would be helpful&nbsp; thanks and I wish you all well and hope we can find a cure and try to live amore normal life Thanks for listerning it helps Sherry

i just started having seizures around the first of december. never had them before in my life. had 3 CT scans, MRI, and and EEG. all of them came back clear. well now Im being told that im having non-epileptic pseudo seizures and I need to see a psychatrist because it could be from a repressed memory. has anyone else been told this? 
hi toy 
the doctor told me i have non-epiletic pseudo seizures related to a repressesed memory. they usually last anywere from 2 min to 5-6 min each. i dont bite my tongue when i have them. i do get an apprehension feeling a few seconds before i have them which gives me just enough time to call my husbands name. i get really hot during them and i jerk alot. i can hear whats going on around me but i cant talk or open my eyes. sometimes afteri have them, i have bad migraines all day and sometimes i just want to sleep. i also get seizures back-to-back and i want to sleep because my muscles hurt so much.
Wow, this sounds just like the ones my son has.  he is 29 yrs old and just strarted having seizures aboutTerri

Hi bb
Have any of you ever heard of Dystonia ?  Pull it up! It my be you answer to your seizures. It answered my prayers.  cuddlbug
Hiya, 
to Concerned mamma, what meds is your daughter taking for her seizures?
I'm very confused about this whole seizure thing. My daughter spent a week in the hospital for tests but they never took her off her meds to see if she would have a seizure. The other day we were at a store which had lights that were flashing and she had to put her sunglasses on because she started to feel funny in her head like she normally does when she is getting ready to have a seizure. But yet the doctors are saying hers are stress related seizures. My aunt which is a nurse and is very intellegent said none of the answers I am getting are making since. She really should have been a doctor but feels she would do more good being a nurse. So if she is questioning this I feel I should also. Yes we have had some very stressful times here lately in the last year mostly but still doesn't explain the flashing lights putting her into one. Does anyone out there have the same questions I do and also does anyone out there have the same problem my daughter is having. It makes her feel like she is crazy and that really hurts even though I have told her she isn't crazy in anyway shape or form. Looking to see if anyone can help lead me in the right direction and if anyone else is getting the same answers and feeling like the doctor has just gave up because they say they are stress related deal with them. Also at the same time in one of my daughters test she has a spot on what they call T3 area so how is that stress related. Please anyone with ideas of what to do next.

Just another thought that occured to me today.... It could be caused by iron deficiency. ?
Concerned mama Hi I just joined a couple of days ago, and my first question was has anyone heard of pseudoseizures which I found out there also called non-epelectic seizures. Im 40 and mine started in 2004 I had EEG the whole nine yard went to the best hospital in my area dealing with seizures and the told me they are not real there brung on by stress!!! Well I didn't believe that I was making myself have these things.                 NES, depression, anxiety
I just replied, but two things that stump me and my doctors is that   1. I do not respond to stimuli. I wake up feeling like my sternum is broken b/c they do the sternum rub SOO hard to try and get a response. I have also woken to bruises on my breast from nurses twisting my nipple to see if I respond to the pain. One bad thing is sometimes I feel the pain, but can't respond or move.Meds: Celexa, Klonopin, Serequel, Hydrocodone)
Hi, i'm not usually on this forum i tend to stay on the lyme forum but i just wanted to ask some of you with non epileptic seizures- do you have any other curious symptoms? If there are any other noticeable symptoms you might want to do some investigating into other illnesses with &quot;unexplainable&quot; seizures- and i'm not talking about
hi all I was just looking around I I found this site     WOW     Have you ever thought that medication can cause these seizures......I took a half of a dose of rx meds and dont remember anything for 6 days  .....having seizures and everything......they gave me meds to stop them....I was in ICU for  days    eeg'g said that they were PSUDO seizures    my doc told me I faked them all....went to a psychaiatrist and they told me that I had all my ducks lined up in a row....the neuro said that they were real and caused by meds         by the way the seizures did not stop until they stopped the meds to stop the seizures..... NICE HUH

Hi, I dealt with complex partial seizures for over 25 years of my life. I had brain surgery in 2002 to remove scar tissue from the right side of my brain, which was the cause of my seizures for all those years.  I had  something crazy happen to me in Dec. I was just falling asleep when I could smell this burning smell which in fact wasn't there at all.  I've heard some people that have seizures smell things that aren't there and this is an aura for them.  I've been dealing with a lot of stress so who knows maybe that's all it is.  with your sudo seizures what happens during the seizure? how do you feel during it?   I still take lamictal  125mg twice a day, I also take klonipan (sp) at night.   I will be on the lamictal the rest of my life but that's ok as long as it controls the seizures. I pray I never have another seizures.  God is good!  Mercyme

Hello, my son started having seizures last November and after a stay in the hospital for almost a week and before that 5 trips to the ER the neurologist put him on dilantin and topomax and said he had epilespy. He had one other seizure after that last June. Just aboutScared mom in NY
Has anyone noticed a correlation between shots, like allergy shots or flu shots, and their seizures or behavioral issues?&nbsp; (like brain fog, staring, being unable to put things together in their minds...)&nbsp; Especially with PNES diagnoses?&nbsp; 
I have been reciently diagnosed with NES Siezures. I am 61. We are not sure as to the primary cause but the symptoms are erratic and hard to concontrol behavior with totoal memory losss after the occurence.
43/F In Nov 2011, I was weaned off my migraine preventative too quickly which set off the NES seizures which I still have daily.I have been diagnosed as having dissociated seizures brought on by pain, stress or tiredness. The Neuro’s recommendation is to keep the pain completely under control while I see a Clinical Psychologist to deal with the underlying triggers. I’ve been told that I’ve got to rebuild the subconscious to understand the information that’s in my brain. Then work on a way to build a strategy to cope with that information. This is all well and good but when you’re working full time and trying to keep your kids clothed and fed, who has enough time to pull their brain apart!
I have been having &quot;psudo seizures&quot; for about to jump off a bridge, and have been to all of the major hospitals in the Seattle area. any help? suggestions?
If you start having seizures late in life, check to make sure it is not related to permethrin related products.  Dog flea powder, sprays, plant insecticides, mosquito sprays, not deet,  and even termite treatments, like termidor.  I am almost certain it causes me to have seizures.  I had the flea powder in my house, and I and my dog started having seizures.  I even had my dog on anti seizure medication. I thought my dog was going to die from it. I wound up removing all the carpet from my home, and my dog is almost seizure free, but found that some dog foods have ingredients that came from foods treated with insecticides... put him on Alpo and his seizures have stopped. I have to stay off my back porch the house was treated with termidor for termites,,, I and my dog were on the back porch, and I had a seizure sitting on the couch, and so did my dog. We were so exposed to permethrin that we are now sensitive to it.  I take Keppra just to help keep from having any seizures, as permethryn seems to be everywhere. These chemicals say they can cause seizures right on the boxes/cans.  Check it out. I can't get my doctor to do a check on my body's possible poison level in my fat cells,, he won't even consider it. Buy, when I and my dog got better after getting rid of all poison exposure,,, I truly believe there is a correlation there....   It is worth checking out...
   
I was diagnosed with Epilepsy when I was 12 years old and prescribed with Depakote 500 mg twice a day.  about

Does anyone have any info on conceiving and pregnancy while being an epileptic 
I have psychogenic Non-epileptic Seizures. Have since 2004. 
AngMichelle,
It took 6 years from first going to the doctor before i was diagnosed with Temporal Lobe Epilepsy (i shall write TBE from now on), but as soon as i received the diagnosis i realized all my life i was considered a bad apple basically in school because of my quirks if i can call them that, and always have a limited circle of friends as i never feel comfortable around people as most of my visual hallucinations were of people attacking me, which lead to incredible paranoia as they seem so real. McNab
Hi, my boyfriend has been shaking while he is sleep. It's like a twitch in his neck and then it's like he goes unconscious but with his eyes . He has never got it checked because he's completely unaware that he does it and he can only go off what I tell him that happens. Anyone know what this might be and is it serious?
I totally agree, this sounds like seizure activity. He should start with his regular doctor, who will likely refer him to a neurologist. Moderator, thyroid forum
Thank you.
I just want to thank you for your generosity in coming here to respond to new posters. We don't have many regulars in this forum so people often aren't able to get the sort of peer support and information they are searching for.
After having a febrile seizure as an infant, another after an accident as a teenager and one post surgery in 1980..I was put on dilantin and have been seizure free ever since. This year I started experiencing some slight jerkiness in my arm and leg..barely noticeable...more annoying is an occasional spaced out feeling in my head from time to time. Went to the neurologist, had an EEG which was normal for the first time and a brain MRI which showed that I had possibly..not positively ..had a tiny brain bleed at some time long ago and a very small benign tumor..meningioma. My Neuro isn't worried about either of these things but is horrified that I'm still on dilantin. She says I should have been taken off it years ago and it's probably causing my new symptoms even though my levels are not in the toxic range at all...the're actually in the low normal range. She's currently tapering me off dilantin and onto generic keppra. I can't remember the last time I've felt so miserable! I have nausea, double vision, my head feels like a balloon, can't walk a straight line....last week I was out working, Christmas shopping, driving...this week I wouldn't even try to walk around the block, much less drive. Plus I feel like crying every half hour. She says these mostly go away. I was posting for advice but I think I've just convinced myself I need a second opinion.
I know TEA is very rare, but if anyone out there had it, let me know what medication you are taking to suppress it!
Can anyone please help? My husband was put on 300mg/day of phenytoin aboutJane
Just wanted to point out a new milestone.  We quietly hit 2 million forum posts over the holidays!
I usually post on the hepatitis forum for my husband who has liver disease. However, several years ago he started having epileptic seizures (generalized according to EEG), which were under control with Topamax for several years until recently. At this point, he is seizing almost every day, increase in meds. He was re-admitted last June for monitoring in the EMU and it was found that he has both epileptic seizures and non-epileptic seizures. He did well for several months until the last few months. In the last month he has been seizing every day almost, several trips to the hospital and ER because he keeps falling. This is getting to be more than I can handle and I want to arm myself with as much information as I can so I can have a logical conversation with his neurologist
Thanks, Greg! When he first started the seizures, they had him on Dilantin, and it was not effective for him. They have also tried Keppra and a few others. The Topamax worked for a while, but now we are having severe cognitive issues due to the medication. I had a wonderful conversation with the neurologist today and he has my husband hooked up to the video eeg monitoring, and he is also going to reduce the topamax and add a 2nd medication to see if that will help with the cognitive issues. He is also going to have PT and OT assess him, and if the seizures are the non epileptic we are going to come up with a plan for him to go to a rehabilitation facility short term or something until he learns some coping skills. It is just not safe for him to be home with him seizing every day and it is more than I can handle by myself
hi there , thanks kindly xx
Hi,
I have a 13 yr old daughter that wAs diagnosed with epilepsy about every 5 min. She said that  that she is currently at risk for breakthrough seizures. And to keep her meds the same. Lamitcal 75 mg 2x and keppra 1000 2x . My question is this. Do EEG in epileptics ever get better or should there be a change in the EEG when they are on medicine. I'm so confused and find the physicians unhelpful. I just want to help my daughter. Thank you for any advice or answers.
Hi guys! diagnosed at 16...
Hi, Elizabeth x
I have a vlog on youtube and I was filming an episode today. When I went back through the footage to post it, I noticed there was about I'm really worried. Please tell me what you think it is!
Do you have epilepsy and feel that it controls your life?  Are seizures preventing you from participating in an activity that you love or causing problems at work?  Are you struggling in your relationships with family and friends, feeling isolated due to your condition? Does having epilepsy make it difficult to attract and keep a boyfriend or girlfriend?  Are you considering alternative forms of treatment such as surgery or medication but are concerned about
if i had 2 seizures when i was teen does that mean im epileptic on dilantin but levels never went higher than 3.6?no medical expert witnessed these episodes
I dunno if anyone here plays video games on a regular basis but recently my headaches (the kind I get before a seizure) have become...more easily triggered. I try to avoid the flashier things but does anyone have any other suggestions or ideas as to why this is happening?- BWR
My daughter is suffering from epilipsy from the age of 4 months she is of 15 months now her develepment is also slow what should I do
I have a lot to write. Please check out my site

I don't have epilepsy. I don't know what a seizure feels like. But I feel like my body wants to have one for some reason but it just won't happen. Can you feel like your body wants to have one but the meds are just not allowing it?
I don't know where to start. I have these &quot;attacks&quot; I call them. I've referred to them as panic attacks for many years. I do think I have panic attacks too though. It's complicated because I've had lyme a long time.Looking for insight
Last Monday at work, my girlfriend had a siezure. She doesn't remember what happened, but because of the marks on her face it looks like she fell on the floor and seized and ground the right side of her face into the carpet. She was taken to the ER and given an IV and sent home. Since then, she has had a lot of trouble remembering things that happened on previous days. In other words, tonight she'll be able to remember this morning, but she starts having trouble remembering this morning tomorrow. If promted or reminded, she can recall vague memories but not details. She's really worried and has an appointment to see her doctor later this week. Has anyone else experienced symptoms like this? It was her first seizure in about 2 years. She's on lomictol (sp?).
Recently while having lunch with a friend, I started staring off then got up and went to the counter ordered another meal, paid for it and returned to the table.  I had no memory of it and my friend thought it was strange sine there were free refills on drinks.  Later I missed some money and only when he told me did I realize I had spent the money for the second meal.  Does this sound like a partial complex seizure?
As a result of traumatic brain injury my son acquired epilepsy grand mal seizures  a year or so ago and started adding salt after reading what Ella wrote re: low sodium. Using sea salt, ionic minerals V8 and Cup of Noodles it's coming under control. Now he has a  focal type maybe once a month. I was desperate because his three AED was not working. After a ER visit I found out his Sodium was 126. He was given a liter of Saline Solution and and discharge. At home I started adding the above items I spoke of and start seeing changes in seizure frequency and intensity.
I am a 39 year old female and I have been having simple partial seizures for 23 years. They were mild in the beginning- just de-ja-vu and occasional nausea spells and only for the 2 days preceding the start of my period. I did not know what they were for years and always felt a little crazy when I tried to explain them to doctors... I was told it might be vertigo, at another point I underwent tests for a thyroid condition--- overall- I didn't get much help from Doctors and decided not to pursue it b/c it didn't impact my life that much. Just before my 30th birthday- I decided to pursue an answer again at my husband's bidding. The seizures had increased and the seemed to spread throughout the month and sometimes I even have seizures up to 20 days in a month and some days I had up to 15 seizures in one day (extreme cases). Also- the seizures still included de-ja-vu's but much greater nausea with occasional dry heaves--- I also realized that they affected my ability to articulate thoughts or answer questions. One such incident happened when I arrived at a client's house (I was a wedding photographer) and when the bride's sister answered the door- I could not articulate who I was and why I was there. It is not that I lose awareness or any physical/muscle movement- and I can continue physically what I am doing (such as cooking, walking, driving)- I just lose my ability to process questions being asked of me and the ability to articulate thoughts... I can say things such as &quot;hold on one moment&quot;, &quot;I feel ill&quot;- but if I am in the middle of talking and expressing a thought- I cannot continue. When I pursued the doctor that time (in NYC) - she figured out what it was almost immediately and sent me to a neurologist- who made the official diagnosis after catching a seizure on an Eeg and an MRI revealing what they are calling a structural abnormality in my brain in the left temporal lobe of my brain. I then started seeing an epilepsy specialist -- I have tried 6 different epilepsy meds over the years with ultimately no effects on the frequency of seizures or the intensity. There are still months when I have few and other months that are extreme- I also have had a few incidents when I felt sick for at least 24hours with repeated seizures that were even waking me through the night. The seizures only last a few moments (based on the MRI) but some of the effects can last for upwards of 5 minutes afterward - and I can sometimes just feel what I can only describe as &quot;lousy&quot; throughout  the day.The doctor thinks I am a strong candidate for surgery and I have had a neuro-psyche evaluation and am trying to schedule a wada test. But I bounce back and forth --- b/c surgery seems so extreme and I am afraid of the risks of memory loss and speech impairment- and the thought of cutting into my skull makes me ill. I have lived with the seizures for so many years and have made do- but I am afraid b/c it does seem like the intensity is increasing and they have become more noticeable to others, impacting everyday life-- I am also afraid that someday they will go beyond the simple partial seizure. I remain on Lamictal with the hopes that this would keep such a seizure from happening- but who knows. I have also currently begun to have migraines. I have never heard of surgery success from anyone in a similar situation to mine--- Do you know of any success stories??
Had EEG recently and no results yet, but one set of lights set off an involuntary twitch over my whole body, lasted only a second or two. Anybody had something similar.  Starting Divalproex for seizures after being on Dilantin for a number of years, anybody tried it?  Thanks.
Hi everyone. I am 27 years old I have a history of seizure activity in my right temporal lobe. For several years it went undiagnosed as a mental illness called depersonalization disorder with panic attacks. Although I never went unconscious and part of me was always there knowing the day time and my name I feel strangely detached. I could look at my mom and feel it wasn't my mom or it was just a picture/body there with no meaning. Also with my episodes I would feel extreme sense of fear. since I was diagnosed with the right temporal epilepsy no medication I have tried has helped me. I cant help but wonder if my muscle pain and seizures are connected. I wonder if there is some sort of auto immune disease attacking me ? my seizures are not the normal kind its not like I stare in space or anything
Hey all, 
Hi,Major Depressive Disorder, PTSD, Fibromyalgia, SI Joint Disorder, Peripheral Neuropathy, Bursitis, Sciatica
I am beyond frustrated right now. Has anyone else ever had a problem with their neurologist?? Let me explain what happened. I went in for my bizarre symptoms and had a 3 day eeg which came back abnormal although I never had a spell during the video monitoring. This neurologist ordered a bunch of tests and also because I have chronic muscle pain during my appointment he came with an injection but NEVER TOLD ME he had ordered a series of balance tests, why it was important or why I was having it or told me he was going to give me an injection for my back pain. I just went along with it the first time only. After my 3 day eeg I had a follow-up and before giving me the results he tried to inject me again and I declined and he tried to push me to do it. Finally he tells me aboutI am not going back to them I am so upset right now and shocked. has anyone had a horrible experience like this? I feel all they want is my money not to help me when this is disabling me.
Hi all,
Hello,
I am a 26 year old female diagnosed with absence seizures at age 10. I have been taking Epival until recently, I am now trying out Lamictal. I have just reached my final dose of 200MG per day. I finished the Epival a little over a week ago. Since stopping, I have had some incredibly easy bruising. After some blood work, I was told everything was fine and the bruises are now gone. But about 6-7 weeks ago. Any comforting advice would be very much appreciated as I have a tendency to be a hypochondriac lol
I haven't had a neurologist for a while because of non being able to afford one and because I can't drive and there are none in my city.
Hope this is allowed. It isn't related to what I was asking so I thought 2 threads would be better. I'll start my reply under hers.I think if you exercise as best you can but don't over-do it, that will help.  The Fibromyalgia for Dummies is helpful.
I have gotten a lot of help and advice from this site so here I am yet again, :( . I am now besides chrons/colitis they think I am having complex partial seizures, I was just diagnosed on Friday. What Is the course of treatment, I have to go next week for a 72 hour EEG, ehis is what happened.I repeated my sentence, then I became confused. the left side of my face quit working, frontal headache.I was out of it from sunday to Tuesday. on Tuesday they told me it was not a stroke or blood clot but sent me home, I was still not well. Wednesday night I got real sick and woke up Thursday my speech was slurred my short term memory was awful. So hubby took me to another hosp, they admitted me and changed my diagnosis 3 times finally saying it was migraines, but my EEG showed slowing of my brain, and abnormal activity. I have improved in two weeks my speech is back but my indurance is awful, when I exert myself I get a headache, Since I have had 2 dr say they didn't want to exam me because there was nothing but migraines. I finally found one who would listen, she said its obvious that its on my EEG. so what can I do and how much longer will I feel bad.
Good morning, 
I have been dating my boyfriend for a year now. He is 20 years old and used to play soccer frequently for his school and traveling teams. It has taken some time for him to  it. I'm just freaking out now. Will he be able to drive and do the things we normally did? Is he going to get seizures the rest of his life? Did playing soccer and possibly getting a concussion cause this? Is it possible that he'll never get seizures again? I know this is bad, but my parents basically explained to me that I can't see a future with this guy. I'm so upset and just want some answers. If anyone has any information on non-epileptic seizures or any answers to my questions please help!
So I have health anxiety about my heart and it really makes me anxious ... I saw somebody have a seizure a few years ago and that made me feel like I was going to have a seizure it went on for a couple of months and I never had a seizure so I got over it... So back in February my baby boyfriend and I were asleep in the bed and I hear him yell out and I look at him and he is convulsing and having a seizure!!! It scared me soo bad :( i ran to my moms room to get her because I was freaking out... Bad idea because he was choking on his tongue when I got back and my mom literally had to stick her finger in his mouth and pop his tongue out of his throat!!!! Ever since then I've been having a feeling I will have a seizure ! How likely is it that I will have one and why do I feel this way???
Hi,
 
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Hi everyone,- Amy
 When he woke up from the seizure, he didn't remember his name and for almost a week he didn't remember the alphabet and he couldn't read or write, but he could read numbers and do math. He STILL has memory problems. I'm wondering if this is normal? Or if he lost too much oxygen to his brain. he has no history of this ever happening. It was probably the most brutal and frightening thing I have ever seen.
Before memorial day I got sick all my tests were normal, but they are treating me for partial complex seizures. Now I never had any test come back showing I had one but my dr reported me to the DMV and my license have been suspended can they do that I am so upset.
I'm taking tegretol and have been for about Has anyone else had an experience like this, it's come out of the blue, I've changed nothing it's started effecting me in a much more extreme way. I've made appointments for doctors but I can't to see them and neuros are a nightmare to get to see.
Can another person lessen the severity of a seizure or even stop it all together? I've yet to be diagnosed (awaiting results of EEG, AEEG, MRI, and all the rest) but it is believed that I have had 3 nocturnal seizures; 2 at 3am, 1 at 2am. My girlfriend says that each one isn't as severe as the next. With all 3, I always get out of bed and attempt to carry out my normal morning routine of making coffee, checking the garden in the backyard, and sit in front of my PC Indian style. I have no memory of it and fall intp walls and to the floor a few times during my travels.
What herbs are you using to heal the brain?  Thx
my doctor will be signing the forms to say I am cleared to drive again. Have any of you gone through the reinstatement process and know what all it involves and how long it will take? I cannot wait to be driving again. I'm so excited! doTERRA essential oils-Frankinsense, Lavender, Balance,peppermint, Clary Sage, other
Hey everyone,
Hi,Anyway
Is anyone else having these types of problems?Current Medications: Diantin 275mg, Pheonobarb 150mg, Asocol 3,000 mg.
My 13 yrs old with no prior seizures history started having tonic clonic seizures last month. His CAT scan, oxygen levels, electrolytes are normal. His MRI was normal while sleep deprived EEG showed frequent burst of spike and high voltage slow wave discharge over left frontal region and neurologist diagnosed him with focal onset seizures. What can trigger seizures out of blue? Should I do any other testing to find out what could have triggered it? Depakote is making him extremely sluggish and sleepy. Is there any other relatively safer drug that he can take?
All,
RanMan, can you please email me?  My email address is under my name at the right.  Thanks.
My son had a MRI of the brain done on friday due to having a seizure. The results came back with this few non specific white matter signal abnormally foci bilaterally, likely reflecting gliosis with differential considerations in including sequelae of infectious/inflammatory etiology,or migrainous angiopathy. There is minor blurring of the grey-white junction with associated FLAIR hypertensive signal involving the sibcortial and deep white matter of the left postcentral gyrus, raising the concern for possible migrational abnormality. That is what the MRI results are saying can someone please explain this to me. We are getting discharged tomorrow go for follow up to go over results sometime next week I just want to know that my son is ok.
Has Healing Well helped you out?  Help keep this website going by donating once in a while!&quot;Life is far too important to be taken seriously.&quot; - Oscar Wilde
I have had this only happen twice but believe me, twice is plenty! It first happened when I was racing go cart type cars with my family, I started feeling weird, kind of lightheaded. After we were finished I felt so strange and was desperate to get my helmet off. My body began to &quot; wrench&quot; in a kind of way ( the closest thing way i can describe it is like when your vomitting, shoulders and back moving forward. I hurried and sat  at the table and my arms and legs began to have massive uncontrollable twitches. ( Like as if they were bouncing all over, flailing. It was incredibly scary. We first thought my blood sugar was low but it wasn't. My neck also began to convulse. Then if that wasn't strange enough, I could feel my spine tighten up as to come from the bottom to the top as if in a wave- like pattern.  This continued for quite a long time until th paramedics came. I was wide awake and left and could talk through the whole experience but kept licking my lips over and over.  They tested for blood sugar and it was fine. I was able to answer all questions asked but couldn't stop these convulsion like movements. When laying on the floor my back would sometimes arch as if I was in horrible pain, but I wasn't.  Thank you soooo much :)
Participants are needed for a study created by a Notre Dame de Namur Master's student investigating the effect of having a companion animal/pet on coping with a chronic illness. You do not need to own a pet to participate.*This post has been approved by Peter Waite. This will be the second and final posting.*
Ok so I have no idea what is happening to me and I am scared silly aboutI was just at the hospital two weeks ago and had an ecg, full blood works, chest x-ray and the one were they put the dye through your arteries, and all was clear. Obviously this is not testing my head though. Anybody think this sounds like anything? Or had the same symptoms? Any help would be great, thanks!!
I've been experiencing what I can only explain as hand tremors that lead to full body &quot;glitches&quot; or mini seizures. These full body glitches can range from feeling like I'm aboutAny ideas on what to do next? Anyone experience anything like this? I've looked around a lot on the web since they started and have yet to find anything or anyone who has a similar experience. I finally have health insurance coming through so I will he able to afford getting tests and medication if necessary. I really feel like they are non-epileptic due to my ability to control and plan for them. Any advice?
I'm usually in the depression and anxiety forums. I've had a bout of anxiety and depression since February. Been on a med rollercoaster trying to get right again. I'm 43 and female. 
I've had epilepsy for a little over 10 years and the medications I've been on and am still on is Lamictal 350mg twice a day and Keppra 1750mg twice a day. They are really really not controlling my seizures at all! It seems my seizures are getting worse. I'm only 26 and they just get worse and worse. So obviously for me Lamictal and Keppra are not working... On Monday I go to my neurologist for a check up and I want to talk to him about different medications. Any suggestions?
Hello I'm 16 and I have epilepsy but the scary thing is my seizures are ones I can feel like I get a fuzzy weird feeling in my head and then I start screaming for my mum cos I'm scared and I can feel my body tensing up and I try breathe for air but it doesn't work I can't see only hear my mum speakin to me but my mum says my lips go very blue and I pass out I'm very scared :(
I'm 23 years old, and until late june of this year, I never had any major health problems.  Just 2 months before the first &quot;event&quot; I was honorably discharged from the Marine Corps.  I just want it to stop, or at the very least know what's going on.
My child was diagnosed with AS at age 7.  We did not medicate for a while, hoping to explore other options. The AS got progressively worse and she started on Ethosuximide a year later. She suffered some annoying side effects (stomach issues, headaches, etc.), but for the most part, the AS has been controlled. We are in the process up upping her dose because her eeg showed 2 seizures (they could not be seen outwardly). She does suffer from some confusion sometimes (I am thinking this is a seizure) and her memory is horrible. She is almost 11 and does horribly in her schoolwork.  I am currently in the process of yet again having her academically and psychologically tested to see what can be done, because she just does not retain any info. She is homeschooled so I work with her constantly.  If she was in school, and IEP or 504 wouldn't help. She just can't hold onto the info.What can be done?  Is there a way for me to raise awareness and start some kind of campaign to get this changed?
Hi there my 12 year old daughter started having seizures in July this year. So far to date she has had 6, and they are all grand-mal.  She has always been a happy and healthy kid with no previous  medical history except for she has Aspergers Syndrome. We are finally getting in with a neurologist November 5th to go through the results of EEG and MRI scan results.Daniel S
Thank you to everyone for your support.  I just got a German Shepard dog and I'm moving closer to my daughter.  It's been a good week.  I hope everyone has the same luck.  Happy Halloween! 
At a complete breaking point with this. I'm wondering if anyone else has had the same problem. I started Lamictal in April, slowly weaned off of Epival and up on the Lamictal. Things were going fine, I finished the Epival and got to a dose of 200 mg on Lamictal. 
Hello, I'm new on this forum. Does any of you have ever been treated with acupuncture or Chinese herbal medicine? I would like to suspend my daily therapy (1 and a half tablet of Depakin Chrono 500mg) and I've read these treatments may help in some cases. Do you know any neurologist available to support me in this path? I live in Thailand at the moment, I need a doctor that could give me some advice and eventually recommend me to somebody. Thank you. Martina
Well my wife won't sleep in the same bed as me, she says my snoring is so bad she can't sleep.But getting back to the snoring, is anyone else in the same position ?
i haven't had a seizure in a LONG time, I just got my license back...doTERRA essential oils-Frankinsense, Lavender, Balance,peppermint, Clary sage, LOVE my OILS!
Hi, stumbled on this forum while searching for answers to 2 episodes that have happened with my 18-year old son.  He is (was) a perfectly healthy young man with really no issue.  Hadn't even been on antibiotics in years and years.Thank you and I appreciate it.
Hi everyone! I normally hang out in the anxiety forum but I wanted to get some thoughts on people with epilepsy to see if it sounds like that's what I have. I'm a 30 year old female..suffer from anxiety/health anxiety.  The last few years i've noticed that i'm sensitive to flashing lights/certain patterns/pulsating sounds/fireworks/things like that.  I've never actually had a seizure but all those things make me extremely panicked or causes headaches/general uncomfortable-ness. I also get random deja-vu that sometimes instantly panics me when I get it so I always try to distract myself. Like I said I definetly have anxiety..but does this sound like epilepsy?
I have been on dilantin - worked for YEARS, but had gum problems.Hope this can help anyone.
Hello, my name's Erica and i've had Epilepsy since I was 11...I will be 32 this year. I've been on Depakote ever since, now on the generic form. I recently got married and we want to try and have a baby. My neurologist has told me there's really no safe anti-seizure medicine I can take, I've had 5 seizures in 20 years, all the ones except for the very first one happened when I stopped taking my medicine.    I'm hoping for the best... has anyone went thru this experience? Please share or comment with any advice or anything really, I'm super nervous and scared... thanks!!
hi there I have had brain surgery been threw all the tests etc. I am now on no meds the seizures are just on off sort of ones. I had this all done in 1991. They have had me on all the meds you can think of. The drs now want to put me back in to see if they can do anything elese my answer is no. They told me after the operation they did what they could do, and hopefuly you can live your life to the fullest. I do think going to the hospital yes would be like a break kind of like a vacation away from her. But why should I have to go in when Im just wasting the drs time when theres nothing they can really do for this sistuation with my seizures . let me know anyone what you think. Thank so much.....
hi there my wife thinks its not her its the seizures. My seizures have been fine tremer which i can still do my thing. she says the wrong thing like why did you put this here look out. I cant talk i cant say boo. its just your seizures your seizures mind you not having any but thats whaT THEY ARE. What can I do I know what some of you might be thinking but i would like to work it out. please help
Hello my name is Sid and i’m a aspiring engineer coping and kind-of conquering my photosensitive epilepsy.
Hi everyone,Thanks so much :)
I am 23 years old and back in highschool received a knarly kick to the left temple I went unconcious.   A few days later on the soccer bus a friend found it amusing to constantly make me flinch by using her hand she was noticing I was flinching at everything.  Eventually I collapsed felt weird. A few years later I became a dog groomer. One day I started breathing weird couldn't breath to well . Felt out of body.  I then started getting very dizzy went to sit down then tingle numbness feeling started in that left temple then spready eventually feeling it through out my body.  I self diagnoised my self with a panic disorder in which I stuck with probably not to smart of me.    I just moved to Colorado.  Now my symptoms are getting worse.  The salon here is much busier and more naughty barking dogs.  My most recent attack I realized these are triggered by sound and what I see.  I now get the tingleness and out of body feeling I breath heavy but still am talking but not knowing what I am saying.  Then it gets very dark.  I then start getting very senstive to light and am unable to walk. They last sometimes for hours. I just got my EEG super anxious for results just wanted to see if anyone has similar symptoms? It takes so much energy out of me and I feel just exhausted for days.  I have a feeling these could be due to my bad concussion and have been getting worse what ever this may be severe panic disorder (usually not feeling panicy during) or are these seizures.  These attacks have been haunting my for years.
any sugestions? healthy diet to avoid tigger seizures.
I just am curious.  I am just starting the fun adventure of just getting this diagnosed.  Was it easier doing the EEG after a seizure?  I really am not looking fowrard to more tests.
Hi, my name is Kristina I am 26 and I think I either have Epilepsy just because I was born with it or I have it as a result of Lupus (which my Rheumatologist believes I have) or MS (which I will be seeing a Neurologist that specializes in MS on the 13th of May). I had my first seizure on Wednesday April 15th. It was multiple partial seizures I believe between 7-9PM, cuz my eyes kept moving back and forth rapidly from time to time and I got Nauseous. Then on Thursday April 16th at 5:30 AM I haden't slept all night and I went to look at my phone and I felt faint and I fell to the floor and started shaking a little...I believe that was a partial seizure as well because I was fully conscious during it. I was just using the bathroom and I think some more seizures started because I got that faint feeling again only I didn't fall on the floor. And I went to the kitchen and while I was walking there I had that faint feeling again and felt really weird like I might fall on the floor and have another seizure. The other day I had a horrible 2 or 3 hour long hallucination where I thought there was a big alien standing right next to the bed where I was laying and I needed to go get my anxiety med which is Clonazepam and I was too terrified to go to the bathroom and get it. It took me a while to get up the guts to run to the bathroom and take my Clonazepam. And I have these paranoid hallucinations so I'm usually used to them and I just take my anxiety med but this time it was like a 12 on a scale of 1-10. I actually thought I was losing it because I also have Psych problems so I was considering going to a Psych hospital. I'm currently sitting here typing and I'm getting nauseous. I talk to myself sometimes as a result of my Psych problems and I notice I have been slurring my words and feeling at the same time like I am going to have a seizure. And my tongue felt numb for a little bit which is really weird, I don't know if that's a sign of an oncoming seizure or what. Am I crazy? I mean like not considering the fact that I have Psych problems.Just the thought that I am getting married in Disney World blows my mind...expected wedding day December 25th, 2017.
My 3 year old grandson is in Children's hospital in an induced coma as the result of status epilepticus. He seized for hours while being life-flighted here. As they attempt to safely bring him from his coma, I immediately was aware of XL-spikes. The Neuro said in a vernacular that they are already appearing &quot;angry&quot;--meaning that seizures may develop soon.Thanks in advance.
Hello,
I've been posting in the Anxiety forum, having been battling what I believe are panic attacks and all the associated symptoms.To reject feelings and thoughts is to reject yourself.
I have been having seizures aboutThank you!
Sharsy,Randy
Hi im just hoping to get some info if anybody has any on having a stroke after the left tepur lobe removal as my daughter has had one. At the moment she has no movement in her right arm and leg but it never affected her face or speech. Please anyone who has been in the same boat all info is greatly appreciated
Hi all!  I had my first and hopefully one and only 2 seizures in May 2015 within minutes of each other. Apart from the terrifying pain in my back and rib cage which is very slowly healing(rest being the only answer)that works for me! The other 2 big problems is memory loss and balance which is easily disturbed when I become slightly anxious. I was in hospital in France for 2 weeks. The cause Sodium loss but not sure why.  Has anyone else have or had the same symptoms? If so, did they improve or have you learned to live with the problems? I would love to hear from you.
Hi everyone! This is my first post on the forum. I recently changed neurologist and she changed my meds from phenobarbital to Keppra because of liver problems. Now I am experiencing major hair loss! I found an old thread on your site aboutPlease advise me! Sorry for the long post, but I am very frustrated!
Hi all - thanks in advance for any input.I don't know if this is epilepsy or not, but I am just asking if anyone can answer the above questions for now. Thanks!!!!
Hello all. I am just writing to ask some questions aboutI would appreciate any feedback ya'll might have. Thank you and God Bless!
First of all, I've been on Dilantin for 36 years.Current Medications: Diantin 275mg, Pheonobarb 150mg, Asocol 3,000 mg.
I will keep this as short as possible.
I have been searching online a little bit but I haven't really found an answer to if a specific emotion can cause an seizure.Just found this interesting, wondering if anyone else knows of an emotional trigger like this, or equally &quot;silly&quot; ones.
Great article - The answers are coming... Is there any way to protect ourselves?
I am curious if anyone with epilepsy has used L-Theanine to help with sleep.  Our sons Holistic Dr. has suggested we try a very low dose as it will not interact with his klonopin, and it might help him sleep better.Laurie
Hello,All opinions are greatly appreciated as I am new to this and really trying to understand this disease. Thank you in advance.
I had a grand mal on Oct.10. Apparently I've been having seizures for about a year and a half and didn't realize it. One doctor told me it was just low blood sugar.. Gotta love small town doctors.. Anyway, I was in bed when I had the seizure and when I came to my back was in excruciating pain. It's been over a month now and I'm still feeling pain in my upper back and one rib under my right breast. It's better than it was, but doesn't seem to want to improve. I'm just wondering if anyone else has had the same issue, and if so, how long did it take to recover? I'm a card dealer and need to get back to work, but the pain is preventing that from happening. Thanks, all.
hello everyone - ive been struggling with odd symptoms for a year and a half and have just started developing another scary symptom which to me feels like it could be seizure related. the past few weeks including this morning something else has started happening - it will be around 6 am and trying to dose back off to sleep and i will suddenly while half asleep (going into sleep) get electic shocks all over my body, a loud pulsing noise getting louder and louder in my head and the feeling like i have to fight to get out of this state. It is really scary and is freaking me out. Does this sound like seizure activity? Also, yesterday i had the same sort of thing but i was dreaming i was passing out and actually felt the dizziness and woke up dizzy. Does anyone have anything familiar and could you help me out? these things have been happening for way too long. thank you
I had a seizure 3 weeks ago and my back still hurts from my body tensing up. It's must above my mid back. And I can't turn my body fully to the left or arch it inward. It feels tight followed by great pain like its about to pop but doesn't. What's wrong and what can I do?
hello there i am looking for someone or some people that can walk with me as i go through this pain i am going through alone i have looked around here for support groups but the closest one we have is 2 hours away and you know seeing we cant drive i just need someone to talk to
I am posting about
Hi there,
Hi all, Val
i had an upper resp infection 14 weeks ago, it went away after 8 weeks but now i have this sensation in my throat of not getting enough air in my throat, especially when i am laying down in bed,  had a series of cts, xrays, mri,  5 different drs and specialists, and no one can figure out what is wrong with me......one mri showed i have a herniated disk in my left neck, but the surgeon said it has nothing to do with the sensation i am getting in my chest/throat....when i bend over i get dizzy,  my ears are full (had ct of sinus, came back with no ploblems,  what is going on with me, its almost 5 months and i cannot function at all, have no energy, have to sleep in the recliner basically sitting up,  feels like something is stuck way down in my throat/chest,  horrible pains in headplease help me to understand what is going on, the doctors do not seem to know nor do they seem to look outside the box
Hi im new here. It has responded to gtn spray.
Heres my story.So heres my problem...its been a year now i been to several nuerologist and im telling them i have never had any history of epilepsy until taking Topomax. If i miss one dose i have a siezure back to back. Not to mention other side effects: hair loss , angry, saying phrases over and over, walking in circles.. If there are other cases similar to mines please discuss and let everyone you know Dont take Topomax
just diagnosed with autoimmune epilepsy related to VCKG. anyone has this before? its horrible started going crazy and my neurologist has never treated it before so she has no idea how to help me
Hi, I've had epilepsy for 19 years, it came on when I was 18, I take lamictal daily. Between 400mg right upto 1,000 mg whilst pregnant. Top end and above on the chart, tried leora but side effects were horrific.Thanks Rachel x
Had a severe seizure at the age of 45, I have been on dilatin (350mg) for 3 years now. After all the testing's (MRI,CAT Scan, Light testing, etc.) , was narrowed down to hormones (premenopausal), had a hysterectomy. Life seemed better, but now my doctors don't want to take me off of the Dilatin. I have been experiencing the shakes recently and uncontrolled muscle twits normally in my hands and arms. Blood work is fantastic. Is this the side affects of the drug?  The last time I seen a neurologist was 2 years ago as there has been no seizures and no complications from the drug. Is this just something I am going to live with? 
Hi, I'm new here. My mother is 68 and has severe short term memory loss. Her neurologist wants her to have a sleep deprived EEG. I was wondering if anyone knows whether an EEG is useful for diagnosing any illness besides Epilepsy? Most information on the net indicates it’s used for Epilepsy.Thanks in advance for your thoughts.
The shortest version I can give......Thank you!
Halo 2 years. My biggest problem is it feels to me as if I see everything around me and cant focus on one point. I can look at one point but it still feels as if I see everything else.When Im in a room and someone next to me or inftont of me twitch a arm scratch their nose I imediatly look in that direction and it feels to me as if the people then think I am watching them. Is there anybody else with these problems?
HaloI have been using dilantin for 20 years and rivotril for 2. Is there anybody else who have muscle pain and stiffness and joint pain. I also like to be with just my family than alot of other people and I dont mind to go somewhere but if I can choose I just go to work and back?
My son had his first seizure five days ago. He is a 22 year old college student and my best friend.  His EEG showed an abnormality in his left frontal lobe. We have an MRI schedule for tuesday. I am terrified that more seizures will follow.The sunday before his seizure he was out late and was drinking. Same scenario the following day (Monday). He then had a grand mal Tuesday evening. Is it possible that the combination of alcohol and lack of sleep led to a single event seizure? Has anyone had this experience and then focused on sleeping regularly, eating healthy, no aclohol etc and then had not additional issues? It just seems odd to me that now, at age 22, with no past medical issues, he is having issues.
HaloThank you
HaloThank you
HaloThank you
Hi - I'm pretty new to having seizures, recently diagnosed with partial complex seizures, secondarily generalized. They started about
Halo is there anyone taking dilantin with epilim?
Hello. I was hoping to get your advice on something. I have health anxiety and this kind of uncertainty is a big time trigger for me. I know i should be asking these questions from my doctor ( and i will) but my appointment isn't for a another couple of days. So i was hoping in the mean time you could offer some insight as to if my worry is exaggerated or justified.
I have been treated for tension headaches and migraines since 2009. I was diagnosed with JME when I was 13. I'm currently on 150 topamax and 500 lamictal for seizures. I have tried antimigraines, analgesics, muscle relaxants, nonsteroidal-anti-inflammatory and steroids, ssnri antidepressants and obviously acetaminophen and aspirin for headaches . I have one every single day but the severity of it varies. Within the past few days  I have noticed slight shaking and weakness in my hands. I have had Botox, never block injections and sphenocath. My MRI CT scan and blood work are all clean. I often have to go to the ER for pain. They give me Benadryl cocktail among other IV meds. They end with Diludid which helps but when is wears off the headache immediately comes back. I've tried massage therapy, chiropractic,  acupuncture, diet change and exercise. Nothing has ever fully relieved my headache. I just got out of the hospital after 3 weeks. My neurologist is out of ideas. He referred me to Mayo and even they said there was nothing they could do. My neurologist is doing another round of Botox and referring me to a headache center. I didn't know if the Epilepsy could possibly contribute? I would really appreciate any help or advice anyone has to offer.
So around a year ago I started to develop what they call Aura epilepsy, I would get a deva vu that would get so powerful it would be what seemed the equivalent of having years of memories over flood your brain in a matter of seconds, I would always get a very strange taste in my mouth of which I still don't know what it was but they say that's normal? I would spend the next few hours confused empty feeling and disorientated. Told my neurologist he said they were seizures and put me on Vimpat , within a few weeks of the full dose I noticed my speech in the mornings was all scrambled up it was ok when I was thinking of what I was going to say but it came out all mumbled and backward etc. I took myself off the med's and after talking to my neurologist again I decided I want a new neurologist. But here is where things went really strange and why I am hoping I can get some answers. shortly after I stopped the meds my dreams came back normal ( sorry I forgot to mention the Vimpat stopped my dreams, I dream every night and have since I was a child I am 49 now ) One night i dream i was having a seizure and got the taste in my mouth then realized later I had had an actual seizure in my sleep and was dreaming of it while it was happening I guess my dream, played out what was actually taking place ) I woke up and didn't know where I was I live with my landlady and she is in the room across the hall, I knew there was another person in that room and that she was female but I had NO idea who it was ..I didn't know the layout of the house i was in but I knew who my dog was . this took a few hours to get back to normal, this happens again and was stronger, the other night it happened and I lost my memory of what I had done over the last few days I didn't know where I was or what I had done over the past week ..I then went and sent a text to my ex g/f the only problem was when I did I was still 4 years prior when we had just broken up and I had NO recollection of the last 4 years with her ( we lived as friends in another city all of which I had no memory of ) around 4 hours later things were coming back to me slowly in pieces . that was around 4-5 days ago... Also and ever since this has started i should also mention during the day I get flashes of memories ( i have told my phycologist in an unrelated issue about
Hey everyone, how are you all?My seizures can come at anytime as i don't know when they're going to come
I have been having seizures for around 12 years now, most of the time is like i just pass out and go limp twitching a little, I can sometimes hear people talking around me while it is happening, but cant do anything at all, last night I had another, but this time was really scary, i got a sick feeling in my stomache, while riding home in a car, i said I dont feel right, just as it hit me like a ton of bricks, I was trapped in my head and the world was spinning around me, I could not see or hear or feel touch, I couldnt move, but I was trying hard, screaming out in my head, I just wanted to i knew I was sitting in a car, but that is it, I couldnt think of my name or anything till I came out of it. was like i was separated from my body but trapped inside of it, I am scared that I wont come out of the next one and will stay trapped like that, the thought makes me tremble in fear, I have been shot and stabbed, but this seizure was the scariest thing i have ever felt. to be conscious and awake while trapped in a void with no body, going crazy trying to make my body do what I wanted it to, I just do not know what to do anymore.
Hi There,Thanks for reading - any feedback would be greatly appreciated - lots of love♥
I recently had an ileostomy (a surgery to remove my colon due to ulcerative colitis). I have had epilepsy since I was 7 years old but VERY well controlled. Since the surgery I have had two grand mal seizures and now I am in a constant state of fear. The first one was 9 days after surgery and the second one was almost 5 weeks after surgery. My doctor increased my dose of Lamotrigine after the first one and I'm waiting to hear back from since this second one. With my colon removed I am wondering if there could be an issue with absorbing my medication. It just seems odd to me that they are so far apart if it is that. My husband works away and I am at home alone with my toddler so my anxiety over having another one was extremely high after my husband left. I'm just looking for anyone's opinion or perhaps experience with anything related to this. Thank you!
For the last 6-7 months I've been having dizziness/lightheadedness and only thing that seems to help is if I take a xanax pill..Anyways I've had countless of blood exams done , MRI scans of the brain and heart studied. All clear . Anyways last night I had a scary episode where I was sleeping and woke up   super dizzy  and a pounding heart and now today I have a tingling buzzing feeling in my forehead . Do you guys think it might be anxiety related or seizures. I've never blacked out .
I was just wondering if anyone takes any anti anxiety medications? After my last seizure I have had lots of anxiety and my neurologist thinks that may have been the cause of it. My general physician wants to put me on a daily anti anxiety medication but has to research which ones are good for epileptics.
On June 16, my son rushed my daughter-in-law to the ER thinking she might have had a seizure. This is what they told me happened. She was lying in bed on her back when all of a sudden her arm when flying up onto her chest and she was &quot;out of it&quot; or as my son said &quot;unresponsive&quot; for a minute or so. When she came out of it and was again aware, she was having problems speaking (stuttering and having to concentrate on getting the words out). It scared them so off they went to the ER. While she as standing at the check-in desk, her leg started twitching uncontrollably. While she was in the exam room, she had a couple more episodes of involuntary spasms/twitches. Blood work, urine test and CT scan showed nothing. She was sent home after a couple of hours. On June 17, she had a few more episodes. She went to her family doctor who scheduled her for an EEG which she will have done this Friday (June 23). Since Sunday (June 18) she hasn't had any more episodes but is still having speech problems. GERD/Fibromyalgia/Degenerative Disc Disease/Migraines
Hi all, first time user here.Stuart
After one month of arm pain from a potassium IV as to followup, I'm finding it necessary to seek consultation. My question is: do I return to the hospital where I believe the problem started, or do I see my own intern and have to pay $140 for the visit (they were not responsible party).  What is the appropriate way to handle my pain complaint and get it checked out?
My husband is on dilantin. He could not walk, slurring speech, dizzy confused. Went to ER and his levels were  36. They admitted him and the next day his levels were 58.Does anyone know why his levels are going up when he has not taken any dillantin? He is not himself at all. He signed himself out of hospital. He cannot walk and things are very bad. I was wandering how long it takes usually for levels to come back down. I'm scared and worried and don't know what to do. Please help....
New here and don't know anything about epilepsy/seizures.  I have a friend who had a Grand Mal seizure a few months ago. He had them as a kid and it recently came back.  He's taking levetiracetam which has been affecting his short term memory pretty badly.  I have my own unrelated condition and through researching and spending time on HealingWell found an alternative treatment which helped my disease.  So naturally I'm wondering if there are any alternatives to this medicine out there for him to consider, or any supplements that would help minimize the adverse effects of his current medication.
Hello- I am a 22 year old female. I am looking for advice or tips from anyone who may help.thanks for reading...
Hey everyone, my seizures but lately I have been diagnosed with depression and anxiety. I've been going to therapy which helps. but it doesn't help the fact that whenever my parents fight, or I have a seizure, or something bad happens I'm just this much closer to killing myself. I'm afraid I actually might one day. what should I do?
Hello. I need some help for me sister. The other day we were out and about and something happened that only happened one other time. She would seem to forget everything that seemed to happen withing 5 minutes. We would leave a store, and she would forget that we even went in, or even forget that she picked certain things up. We brought this up with her Dr and she said it sounded like a Waking seizure? Has this happened to anyone, and if so, was it followed by a day or so of headaches? Thank you.
I had an Epileptic waking seizure in July 2017.  Somebody found me under my office desk  and took me to hospital.  This happened after 11 years . I had few seizures in 2006 while i was sleeping. But between 2006 and 2017 i never had any problems. I am 47 now, this time i have too much pain in my body and specially ribs for the last one month now. Although I am still playing cricket for couple of times a week. I noticed that whenever i am playing / running the pain was very less but when i woke up from my sleep the pain is at its peek. 
Post approved by Founder & CEO Peter Waite:Thanks in advance for your participation!
Hello everyone. I hope that this message finds each of you as well as possible.&quot;luvdogs&quot;
Hello everyoneSee u soon.
Hello, I'm curious if anyone here experiences nocturnal seizures. I'm in my late 20s and always had &quot;night terrors&quot; as a child and teen. As I've gotten older these &quot;night terrors&quot; have remained but they aren't typical night terrors. At least 2 times a week I wake up, aboutI definitely sound crazy but this is getting so frequent it's driving me nuts! I'm going to try and get a referral for a sleep study, but in the mean time does this sound familiar to anyone? Thanks for your time!
Hello to happen. When I feel like I can move, I have to go to the bathroom and have a BM. Some symptoms last maybe 1 to 2 mins. Others like the nausea and head pain last most of the day. I go to neurologist on Nov 27. Praying I get some answers and relief. They are happening 3-4 times a week. It is pretty much the exact same symptoms every time it happens. Do you think it’s anxiety/panic attacks or some kind of seizures? This is all very scary and I never feel any panic until after an “episode”.
My 8 year old son was recently diagnosed with a genetic disorder (15q13.3 microdeletion syndrome) that gives him at least a 25% chance of developing epilepsy. He had a sleep deprived EEG done on Friday and we are still waiting for the results. The day before the EEG he told me that he had something weird happen to him sometimes. He has problems expressing himself so it took a while for him to explain it.ion is since he's not very good with language.
Good evening,ion). She says she knows its going  to come on because it's as though she has water in her ears before it happens. A few weeks ago the tic was not only with her head but her leg was jerking as well and it lasted 4 minutes straight which was pretty frightening. The pediatrician said it sounds more like a seizure then just regular tics. We have an appointment with Neurologist in 3 weeks. Does any one have any symptoms like this? Is there something else I should look for?
Hey guys I need a little advice. For a year aboution matches. The only thing is I got an eeg scan and it came back negative of any brain misfires or anything like that so I was wondering if anyone else has anything similar or something of the same experience. They happen 1 to 3 times daily. Any info is greatly appreciated. Thank you!
My 21 year old daughter was recently diagnosed with epilepsy.  She is taking keppra and gabapenten.  She complains about being in constant pain. Is this part of the epilepsy?
Hello not sure if anyone has experienced my issue. When I was 37 weeks pregnant I had a seizure while sleeping and thank God my husband caught it woke up on a stretcher being wheeled to an ambulance. So after having my baby they gave me an EEG and it came back normal but the doctor told me she wanted to give me a sleep eeg 3 months later. So I took the sleep EEG and some activity was noticed on the right side of my brain am scared as ever. Because I was only given Lamotrigine and everything was not properly explained to me. So I went out last week was tired thank goodness I was not the one driving and like 20 minutes of my outing I did not remember a thing like a complete blurry vision and that's it. Very scary. someone please help me out
Hi.. Had a Grand Mal seizure four years ago.. Wasn't put on meds..Dr.  said wasn't necessary with only one seizure. Had second one a month ago. Abmbulatory EEG.. Shows right temporal lobe epilepsy .. Put on a new dug called Vimpat.. Read about
I have been on Dilantin for aboutYour opinions would be appreciated
In case most of you don't know this, aspartame causes seizures. Stay away from the diet sodas!  Do a search in google, for aspartame and epilepsy and you'll see.
hi there.aspratame will lower your seizure threshold if you have a sensitivty to the substance. But many forms of epilepsy are due to damaged brain tissue or are because of a congenital disorder, so aspartame will have no affect on their seizures whatsoever.
I wish I read this years ago. In a 2007-2009 tour in Iraq I was consuming a lot of &quot; rip its&quot; (energy drinks in a can) to help keep me awake n ready for missions or various jobs. Thankfully I was careful and drank the diet ones,lol. Now I have had uncontrolled seizures since I began drinking diet rip its. It started with a grand mal and since I ve had A LOT of complex partial seizures a day/week 20+ easily w  o meds.(Be careful with artificial sugars )

The definition of epilepsy is:
Has anyone ever suffered hypoxic seizures during an asthma attack? My son had consecutive seizures for aboutstevie_wonder
My friend passed away about two months ago (he was 19 and very healthy.) He had a seizure (which he had never had before) while hiking with his friends in the mountains. He was crossing a very shallow river and fell in face first. He passed away in the car on the way to the hospital. The autopsy blamed the seizure and cause of death on his asthma which had never even been that bad, he was an amazing athlete.




Wow , I havent posted on here for soooo, long !! 
I understand how you feel. I thought I was the only one with uncontrollable mmod swings. I am so irritable at times, esp. if alot of noise is around. Anyone else? I wish I knew if these are regualr symptoms of brain surgery or if it is only me. I don't have a plate in my head but staple things and a couple of things that look like flowers on an xray. I can feel all these ridges in my head and my skull has sunk in. sometimes such headaches! i at times wonder what would be worse seizures or this. I hope you are soon feeling better. try avoiding to much noise stimulation at once. It seems to help.

Hi Everyone!&nbsp; And especially set 74!!

Thanks to littlesisser8 and ginny for your replies!  It is nice to hear from others who have similar characteristics with regard to their seizures.  Like you, littlesisser8, I too cannot afford to lose my license as a result of career demands.  I am grateful that I do not lose consciousness and am lucky to have some sense of when my seizure &quot;cycle&quot; will be happening next.  And while, like ginny, I have never experienced a seizure while driving, there is that gnawing sense of fear that I might someday.Take care.



Ginny,Set74

I get these noxious smells and altered states feelings.  It's like I can float or levitate and leave my body. Also, it feels like I can make things happen by just thinking aboutMy MRI was fine, but the sleep deprived EEG  was screwed up.  I'm on Trileptal, but my symptoms are returning, so I'm off to the neuro in 2 weeks.
Thanks! I'll surely keep you posted. I do get headaches and have for quite some time, but I never though to them as migranes because I could always get rid og them with enough Advil or sleep. Even if I was sensitive to sound and light. But when I went in for the &quot;episodes&quot; she just kept focusing on the headaches and I didn't want to interfere with the dx with my owo.. &quot;well I saw on the internet.. which I know they love so much!&quot;  So I thought I would wait it out and see if she was right. However I almost feel like the Topamax is giving me more headaches even though I know it can be used to treat both problems. Athough I'm not entierly certain that I'm just now noticing my headaches more because someone brought them to my attention. Ugh.. who knows aboutMichelle
Well my appointment was kind of an eye I guess it's all kind of hard for me to swallow but maybe she's right. All I know is I can't deny what I keep feeling and how scary it's become to me. Whether it's panic, anxiety depression, headache or seizure it's real and it's seem there should be some other explanation. Maybe I'm just digging for an answer that's not there.
Dear missannasmom-I was also told more than once that I needed to see a counselor.  That is what happens when a doctor does not know what you have....they conclude that it is your imagination.  Well, I knew that I was not in need of therapy.  I knew that what I was having was different than anxiety or depression.  And I persisted in finding someone who knew what to look for.  Do not give up hope.  I was advised to go see an epilepsy specialist.  Luckily, I live in a larger city and there was an Epilepsy Center nearby.  I was diagnosed within a month...after years of no answers.  Maybe you can contact the EEG dept/office to see if you can come in on the day that you are actually having your episodes (that was my word for them before I was diagnosed).  That is how I was able to be diagnosed so quickly.  If your episodes occur frequently enough and happen all on the same day, then you may have the kind of luck that I had.  I walked in and within an hour had a diagnosis.  I wish you the best with this.  It does not sound like anxiety/depression to me...it sounds like temporal lobe SPS's.  Good luck!
No, I do not have a family history of seizure disorder.  And, yes, absolutely they were dismissed.  But as you read and learn more, there are no absolutes when it comes to causes for seizures.  And my onset was late in life...which makes it even more questionable.  But that is what makes it all so interesting...but does not fit into a neat little package for the doctors.  Keep the faith....do not let them discourage you from finding your answers.  Even though I still do not like having a diagnosis of seizures, at least I have something to work with and can move forward.

Well here's and update incase anyone is curious. I had my EEG yesterday and of course it was normal. I'm glad! But it still doesn't explain the weirdness or my, what had been diagnosed as, Migraine Auras. I did start a new medication after my last appoinment which is agreeing with me MUCH BETTER than the Tompamax. It is more of an antidepressant. I now that I've been on it for almost a month my migraines actually seem to be getting better and I haven't had to may deja vu episodes. I know believe that my strange occurances are a part of my migraine problems but I still feel like there is a better explination than.. "that just happens with your headache".
Dear missannasmom:





Hi Ginny!P.S. Boob-itching is strictly prohibited!  LOL!!
ok,I am confused.
Hey Ginny!


nothing has been posted here in years but thought I would give it a shot. Does anyone have these sps symptoms: thanks!
Related to migraines: I have had them off and on for most of my life. I rarely have them anymore however.  All I can say is ....prayer.  When I did have them regularly, they would last several days.  I could not stand light, sound, or movement.  My doc said it is similar to alzheimers what I ahve except taht it is ot consistent......some periods are very clear others are like looking through a fog and tehn there is the periodsof &quot;nothing&quot;, blank.
I had a tonic-clonic seizure aboutJohn

Thank you DJ, Glinda, and Gracie's Mom for your posts.  I appreciate your sharing info.  I checked the calendar and I'm actually five weeks post-seizure and the back and rib pain has not subsided at all.  I'm going to see my GP and ask for an x-ray.  Based on Glinda's post, I may just need a good stint on &quot;the rack&quot;.  lol   Thank you again.  Good health to you all.
I just recently had a seizure two days ago and quite honestly, don't remember one aspect of it. What I do know, is that I have intense pain all over my body including my abdomen, legs and especially mid-back region. Also, I noticed large portions taken out of my tongue due to chewing on it. As of right now, I haven't found anything that eased the pain besides a hot water bottle, and that barely works. I'm going to a doctor today to see if there's any medication to further help me.
Hi I have had seizures since I was nine years old I am now 29. I mainly had gran mal seizures as well as being satus which means the seizure can go on for hours. Well I wanted to share with you sometimes a person arches their back when seizing I know I have. Who knows they may even fall.
I just recently had 2 seizures (in June and this past Sunday) after being 22 months seizure free (go figure), but I've felt worse after the last two than I have any other time (this last one especially) - my legs feel like they've climbed Mt. Everest!  Fortunuately I was at home when both occurred - especially since I have no warning whatsoever that it's about to happen - one minute I'm putting a garlic chicken casserole in the oven, the next thing I know I'm on the couch with my daughter asking me if I'm ok.  Hopefully the achiness will go away in a day or so.
Hey. I wanted to share my experience with back pains and seizures as well. The date was October 6. I had been seizure free since 2009 and was very confused when I came to. My girlfriend was over that night. She said throughout the night I repeatedly spoke of back pain. When I woke I could hardly sit up and breathing was very difficult. I also have a pretty high pain tolerance so it began to bother me. Im one who  never takes prescription meds. Im also very athletic and in swell shape. Sneezing is the worst kind of pain. I kid you not; I almost cried earlier this afternoon after sneezing. The pain resides just between my shoulder blades and in my chest. Ive also noticed any sort of exercise Iis unbearable. My doctor did a check up on me and she said, &quot;everything appears normal.&quot; My BP was fine, breathing normal etc.. im hoping its merely my muscles being worn out from the episode. I hope this helps anyone who needs insight to this.  Wish me luck! God bless you all. I hope everyone lives happy and healthy lives
Has anyone recieved any treatment for these brain/body zaps that works? Please advise. I have these on a daily basis and they are debilitating. I have a good job both in pay and opportunity and have been off of work for 4 weeks because of the headaches they cause. I am extremely upset and discouraged by them and they have caused severe depression. I am 100% certain that these headaches/brain zaps started before I became very depressed. I was given resperidal as an antipsychotic which has not helped in any way. Headaches arise after multiple zaps. I have a lack of energy and sometimes feel nauseated because of them. They occure daily. I was on no medication before these zaps started occuring. They werre actually going on for 7 months before I went into the ER because of them. The reason I waited so long is that I thought they would go away. I have had a CAT scan and the doctor detected nothing in the images. I also read that omega 3 helps. I have had two axiety attacks and these zaps could have been the main cause of them. Is ir possible that they are minor seizures? PLEASE ADVISE IF YOU HAVE HAD ANY POSITIVE RESULTS FROM ANY REMEDY!!PLEASE! 
Hi!  I have also been experiencing brain zaps.  I feel like I get a jolt of electricity through my head and it makes everything in my line of vision shake.  It makes me kind of dizzy and disoriented for a few seconds.  I get these zaps pretty much everyday, and they tend to happen more often as it gets later in the day.  I was also taking risperidone for anorexia nervosa/depression. I also have Crohn's disease, but don't think this is in any way related to that. In case it was that, my psychiatrist tapered me off of it, but I noticed no difference.  I have never been diagnosed with epilepsy, and I was wondering if these could be seizures that I am experiencing.  Anyway, that is my experience.  Take care.
I don't know if telling you this is against the TOS for this site or whatever, but what works for me is marijuana. When the zaps are bad, and they can be sooooo frustrating, if I use just a little pot it really relieves my symptoms. In California you can get a prescriptIt is so frustrating, since the zaps aren't painful, just frustrating, distracting, and demoralizing. The first few times I experienced them I was fascinated by the novelty, but at this point I just hate it. It makes me feel like I'm going to fall over and I'm incapable of thinking. Marijuana balances the effect, and relieves my irritability, sadness, and headaches, too. (It also relieves the stomach cramping and loss of appetite some folks get as they withdraw.)
Hi--

Hi Dee--Love, Marji

Dee--Love, Marji
I am a diagnosed grand mal seizure patient, I was diagnosed with severe ADD &a ADHD before I had seizures, I am still on my adderrall for my ADD & ADHD as well as my seizure medicine. I take zofran for Naseua and I can usually take any meds im subscribed. My doctor and all doctors are suppose to work around the meds that you are given for your seizures
I've been reading the fibro 101 links and came across something that will probably explain my questions and concerns&nbsp;about people with this disease, then it makes fibro patients look like whiny hypochondriacs instead of people with a true disease.&nbsp; That's just wrong.


Hi Sue,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Did you get in touch with the doctor, Sue?  Let us know what happens.  I just wanted to wish you luck adn to welcome you to the boards! And I kwym about
Ok, I emailed my doctor.  Email is the best way to reach her.  I didn't want to do it, but you all convinced me.  Normally I would wait for a bad flareup, but being proactive is a better way to go.  I will let you know what she says or does.~Sue
That has to be so frustrating Sue.  To have the doctors tell you two different things.  Sometimes I don't even think that they know.  I hope your next mammogram is negative.&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

It doesn't make sense.  How can the doctor make a diagnosis without a physical examination?  I appreciate the fact that she is taking me seriously and does not act like she thinks I am making it up.  But I have only seen her one time!  I am going to the chiropractor tomorrow to see if he has any insight.  I've known him for a few years and not a few minutes.~Sue
I went to see the chiropractor today. He tested the pressure points and found several. Ouch. Also because of ibs, depression and bouts of insomnia, he thinks the issue is fibromyalgia. I asked why the doc would diagnose osteoarthritis over the email and he said it is because my tests came back negative for&nbsp;the other things (RA, lupus, etc). He was also wondering, like I was, how I could have arthritis when my x-rays showed no arthritic problems (at least the foot xrays). He is leaning more toward fibro than osteoarthritis. He said that fibro comes from the stomach not breaking down the proteins properly and the body attacks them, which manifests in pain on the outside. He said one of the triggers is artificial sweetners. I stay away from those because I consider them to be poison. He suggested probiotics and enzymes to help with digestion and glucosamine with condriton and omega 3. Also, to continue to exercise and eat properly. 
hello. i am so happy i have found this place~ i read through so many of your posts and i can relate to so many things. i was diagnosed&nbsp;3 years ago and have a bunch of other stuff going on with me as well. i have read all of the fibro books i can get my hands on but it is so much more personal to actually "hear" that others have my problems. i have had fibro for 16 years but it was brushed off as many other things. i have really gone down-hill so to speak the last several months and my flares seem to last longer with little relief. i don't look sick and i continue to do so many normal things that it is hard to get people to take my fibromyalgia seriously. i do have fantastic dr.s and am extremely fortunate that they do believe. i have been pushing myself so hard to stay "normal" but i fear it is finally grabbing hold and not letting go as easily as it did before. perhaps it is because i am getting older? i wish i knew the answers to such things but i will continue to fight this and will try to live as normally as one with this can. it is getting harder though and i am now afraid of it. it rears its ugly head in so many different ways to all of us but we all do have so many symptoms in common. too many.

thank-you shannon for the warm welcome! :)




hi, and welcome!  I love your name, I think it's VERY original :D  I'm so glad you foudn this place, I've come to rely on the advice adn support of the people here.  And I'm glad you have such a sympathetic doctor!
hello. i have always been an easy bruiser. Normal ones though.&nbsp;But. My bruising lately has me wondering if others have this problem. I banged my knee and got a bruise and it was bright red with tiny red dots inside and then turned the normal purple and then green color but it still had many tiny polka-dots in it. I have never seen a bruise on anyone that looked this way. Has me quite alarmed. Does anyone know what this could be or have a similar experience? Is it a fibromite bruise? (kind of hoping it is)


Hi - I am from Australia and we are having quite a cold winter. I find my joints ache   I was wondering if anyone has used ankle, wrist, elbow warmers? to help with this problem and if so can you recommend some to me?
The best thing that I can recommend is something called a bed buddy.  It is a long tube filled with rice.  you can heat in oven or microwave and use to put around the sore places.  It gives off moist heat.  I have heard that people make them out of socks.  put long grain rice in them and tie off the other end..   They work just as good as the ones that you buy.  &nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
Is it&nbsp;actually your joints and not muscles?&nbsp; I am asking because if it's your muscles then I would 


Thanks for your warm welcome and suggestions. I will check in regularly. I hope you all have a wonderful day.
I am new this is my second post. I got the offical diagnoses of Fibro last week from the Rhum. doc. Then I got a phone call today telling me that my vitamin D levels were very low. I looked this up on the internet and the symptoms are the same as Fibro. Does anyone else this problem? I am in the sun every day for at least 3 hours swimming at the pool, to get my pain releif??/ Plus I drink alot of milk and eat loads of ice cream. 
There have been links between vitamin D deficiency and fibro symptoms written in past posts.. just can't remember how to find them. I've been on D3 as ordered by my doc along with calcium for about
I don't know what mine is, but I know at my next visit my docotr did mention testing for it.
my Dr called in a perscription for me. and it 50000IU caps. they said to take one a week
What's considered worse by the medics ... Fibromyalgia or Arthritis?Pamela Neckpain

Shannon ...

OK ... I found an OTC that helped me today ... Just today.
Hello-&nbsp; I am in real trouble. My husband is out of the country, I am probably 3 days late in asking for this help. I seriously need someone to talk to. I am not suicidal, I just feel that I am really and truly unable to care for myself like this. My blood sugar is too low, I am at least 3 days with meds messed up, I can't eat- I can't keep anything down, I am dehydrated, I have fallen badly about
Sera,
Please Sera follow what these good ppl say, we are so worried about

Hey eve3ry9oine-ngosh spelling optional toeay. I think I am doing somebetter. Thank you all for being a true lkifeline for me last night. I don't know that I have ever been that out of control. I know I have to eat but the thought makes me gross out. This morning I found a small hunk of dried up cheese and some old saltines, I worked on that between about


Sera, I just want to add my thoughts to all the others you've received.  There are a lot of us out here who care and you need to remember that your life is valuable to God.  I've been praying for you and I'm sure many others are, too, and we'll continue until we hear that you've found some help.  Are you able to at least talk to your husband on the phone even though he's out of the country?  Also, I would definitely agree that you should call your dr. today instead of waiting until tonight to see if the same thing happens.  If you are a member of a church, possibly you could call the pastor and use some of the church's resources to help you.  Not knowing your whole situation, these are just a few suggestions, but just remember that there IS an answer available for you.  Don't give up until you find it!!
who else is so far behind with their laundry that they could just scream?ugh.
HA! i am also trying to make a dent in my wash right now....it's never ending around here....my bed clothes are in the dryer and i just can't wait for them to be done so i can sleep
Wow...this is one area that I'm most always caught up. Just hubby and I now so there isn't too much but for me laundry is something I can complete start to finish, make everything neat and orderly and be done with it in a few hours. The rest of the house looks like it threw up on itself but the clothes are clean and put away. I even hang my blouses facing the same direction...left, and hubby's to the right cause that's the way he like them. And they best not be switched!...lol Just a bit of OCD showing.




We have to go out to do laundry, no washer/dryer in our apartment.  I buy underwear whenever it's on sale, we each have two drawers full.  We never run out of clean undies!  Right now, every towel, sheet, t-shirt etc. is dirty.  I'll bet there's about 18 loads, not including the comforters.  I hate when I get so far behind.




I have this mantra going through my head as I put the clothes in the washer...........feed the machine feed the machine.  Oh and ya think I was emotional about
In my house laundry has a way of multiplying, I really don't get it.  I do 1 load a day, not including bedding.  If I happen to skip a day, the next I have 3 loads... how does that work?

i never thought i'd get so many replies on this subject! you ladies made me laugh and i am a firm believer that laughter feeds the soul 



Happy Birthday Cutz!!  lets not forget those birthday spankings lol hope you have a wonderful day.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHUTZIE
Happy Birthday Chutz!!!! Have a great day! :)&nbsp;
Chicken years!...lmbo. OK, who told??? I guess I did tell Marlee. I usually get away with my birthday going by sorta quietly, but I sure do appreciate all of you and your warm wishes today. Often my family doesn't even remember. Too bad I have to add another year anyway...lol
For chickens here about
Happy Birthday Chutzie.  Hope you are having a teerriiffiicccc day!~Sue
Chutz - Birthday blessings to you and hope you have many many more years.............pain free!!&nbsp; 

Birthday's only come once a year which makes it a good reason to eat a lot of cake.Meggie

Hi Kelly-&nbsp;

Kelly,

that does sound like a migraine to me as well.  I also just experienced my first &quot;painless migraine&quot; just a few days ago.  I went up to the ER because it really freaked me out.  I never realized that could happen.  The doctors at the ER really didnt know what the heck I was talking about
I have the same thing, migraines without headaches.  But have the visual problems, though I must add that the last one I had did have the headache too.  It was horrible.&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Kelly,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
Also, when at your doc's...get your blood sugars checked out. When mine to very low there is this bright white spot in front of my face like staring into the sun. Impossible to focus or see anything. Hard to read my glucose meter or even do a test. Just another thought...
I had a hysterectomy 9 years ago, have been on HRT ever since. Was diagnosed with fibro a couple of years ago. I've had recurrent UTI's over the last year. My doctor now wants to do some invasive testing. 
Hi Nasha,

Nasha
I suffer from bladder problems.&nbsp; I had them as a baby, so off and on all through out my life, I have battled cystitis.&nbsp; I suffer from IC.&nbsp; Please do not take the word of the dr. that you do not have an infection if you are burning and having to go frequently to the bathroom........and you only dribble.

Nasha
Nasha, are you going to an urologist? or just your primary care dr.?  If you are just going to your PC, then I would suggest you go to the urologist.  There are several tests that they can run.  (one was not flattering at all that I had to do.)  They put dye in me and then as the test was being done, I had to release my bladder.  The test was to see if my bladder was spitting back in to the tube to the kidneys.I had to take macrodantin for 1 yr daily to try and treat my system.  If you can stand cranberry juice, it is great to drink.  I have to split it with sprite and make if very cold to keep it down, but that is more for having to had to drink it for so many years everyday.
Personally, I would find a new urologist.  They specialize in the pain that you are having.  I also had to have a bladder stem stretch, but that was when I was a baby.  My bladder stayed 1/2 full at all times.  That was done under general anesthesia.  (My last military urologist &quot;95 said that they no longer perform the stretching like I had as a child.)I hope and pray you are able to find a wonderful, caring, compassionate dr. to help you with your problem.

Hey Nasha: here's a couple of possibilities from my experience:  I also have high blood pressure. The med they give me has a diuretic in it. This makes me run to BR  every one to two hours. Also, having had a hysterectomy also, lets face it, the muscles down there get slack. Three, as I seldom feel like eating, most of my nutrition comes from fruit, veg. and fluids. So many possibilities. There was something on the news today about toilet cleanliness. Don't use paper which is sitting on floor. Don't sit, squat. Carry disinfectant. I always disinfect my hands before and after. After so many infections, one gets hypervigilant. Bladder leakage is also common as we age. Best of luck with Fibro.
The chiropractor did an actual physical exam and says fibromyalgia is more likely than osteoporosis.&nbsp; He recommended some good self-care and enzymes, probiotics, omega 3 and glucosomine.&nbsp; He said to try the glucosomine before buying malic acid because malic acid can be expensive.&nbsp; 


Yes, my post is kind of vague.  I put some of it here and some in a reply in my other post, &quot;simply tolerate.&quot;  The  chiro checked pressure points.  that was unpleasant.  the gp diagnosed me with osteo arthritis via email after I had only seen her one time and she did a few blood tests to rule out ra and lupus.  I asked about~Sue
Agree...get yourself to a doctor...a rheumy. A chiro isn't qualified to dx fibro nor treat properly.  



Thanks Shannon,~Sue
My mom talked to my doctor today. Im supposed to go to the Childrens Hospital in Birmingham this fall...well my doc has been talking to the doc I will see there. My doc doesnt know much about Fibro, but its very similar and deals with children. I would assume that he thinks I have RND it stands for Reflex Neurovascular Dystrophy. Its likely, its basically Fibro in children, but there is alot of good onfo in the "resources" section of the site. 
I was just wondering, but has anyone actually heard of this? (because I never have, until now...) I have done alot of searching, and I'd never heard about
This is new to me Tennis, but that isn't saying much.  I have not researched at all.  I wonder if this would be like young adult fibromyalgia???&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
Hi Tennis,
If you are talking about the Children's Hospital in Birmingham Alabama, I have heard it is a very good hospital!
Yes, the Childrens Hospital in Birmingham, they are greta there, I know. They saved my little brother when he had a brain tumor 10 years ago. They have always been wonderful to our family! 

Ok I did go to the ER and I just got home. In addition to everything else, I have a bladder infection. So what means is if I had not gone today, tomorrow would have been much worse than yesterday. I'm a little more hydrated and the pain is less. The nausea has gone enough to get some food in me. Thank you all for being my life line. Thank you how much you all care.

Hi Sera,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
I drove myself to the er. I did a quick assessment of my shakes and awareness to make sure I could drive. It was 5 miles and I was very careful on the way there and home. The\y gave me an IV of whatever that stuff is, along with an injection of 10mg of ondansetron for nausea, and. 30mg of something I have never heard of for pain. I was rehydrated and feel better, but this experience has taught me some things I need to be more diligent about
Great news, Sera!  Take care of yourself and get better now.~Sue
Oh my, I just read you rposts this AM.... I am so glad that you got yourself to the ER and that you are all right!  Is your dh due back soon so you don't have to be alopne much longer?  How scary for you.


I went to have a couple of rx filled and pick up a few things. The gatorade idea was a good one, altho you didn't warn me how nasty it tastes  :) Today I am not feeling as good as I hoped I would. I am eating a few bites every few hours and drinking liquids. I started on anti-biotics, ewww but I guess its needed. The dehydration is really kicking my behind. My lips are chapped, my cuticles are so dry, but there are things I can do about
Hi,
Hey and welcome! I am glad you are here. You will find miracles on this site. about
&nbsp;
Hi Lisa, we are experiencing the same side effect.  The first day I took my Lyrica, I did not need wings or an airplane, I was just flying solo all on my own!  Whew was I high, but like you, I didn't care, I was pain free!  Now it has been many weeks for me being on the Lyrica, and I am sort of fine tuning it to myself, but also following dr.'s orders as well.  I don't take near what I am &quot;allowed&quot; to take.  Here is what I do, and I do realize not everyone can do this.  I do not work outside of the home, so it is do-able for me.  I take my 75 of Lyrica around 4:00pm, that way I am not too groggy (that has worn off a lot) and if I do get a bit &quot;loopy,&quot; well I am just at home getting dinner ready, eating, going for a walk, etc.  Then at bedtime, I am very calm by that point and I sleep like a baby.  I wake up a bit groggy still  in the morning, but not half as much as when I was taking it at 8:00-9:00 at night!!  Brenda
Hi Lisa and Welcome!&nbsp;

I just want to let you all know that I am feeling much better.  It was a tough few days with the dizziness.   Taking the Lyrica earlier in the day didn't help enough.   I tried taking my cymbalta with the lyrica and without.  It works better to take the lyrica in the afternoon and the cymbalta in the morning.  The doctor lowered my dose to 50 mg.   It seems to be better.  I will keep you posted.  Thank you all so much.&nbsp;
Hi Lisa,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Sherrine,&nbsp;

Sherrine,
I just wanted to welcome you to the boards too.  Glad you are feelign better with your meds.
Mamanan,&nbsp;

Marlee,&nbsp;





Thank you all for your insight to this theory.  My father suffers from untreated depression.  Just like everything else in his life, he just lives with it.  No one told me my grandfather was suffering with Parkinson's disease until the year his health decreased rapidly after a new dr decided to stop the medication that had been workingg for him for over 20 yrs.  (VA thing)  They had to comply with the hospital because my grandparents had nothing left to pay for bills outside the VA help.  The new medication killed him, but we can not prove it.
Hi everyone
Hi,
Hi Heather...

Hi and welcome! Your question is a good one. Your doc and his nurse need to be spanked [especially the nurse! I would report her butt] At the rheumy you will be asked lots of questions- ntake your list of symptoms with you for sure. He will also poke a bit gently, check for swelling in fingers, ankles, also look for signs of weakness in joints. These are notmal things to do and they give the doc lots of informationl re: inflamation and joint pain. No major tests at this visit, totally safe and secuire. Their job is to look for arthritis, inflamation, causes of pain and fatigue. In my experience, getting to a rheumy this quick is awesome. Good for you! If you get frustrated if they don' totally validate your situation, just remember this: they have the MD titles, but you know more about
I have been feeling so icky and you all have protected me so well- thank you! I said something to myself today that cracked me up- so I thought I would pass it along and maybe you can send your own thoughts on this matter so we can all get a good laff. Here goes:
Hi Sera! Humor is one of the most powerful meds there is and the side effects are almost always positive. It comes from that all-powerful family of meds that includes God, music, love, imagination and humility! Sometimes we forget that some of the best meds don't come in bottles or packages!
I'm so sick that little green men got nothin on my color today!
Awww Karen I'm sorry you are green today! Altho your joke was funny and made me laff because 3&nbsp; days ago I was green- I hope you start feeling better right away. 
I used to have a job where I'd work for a few hours early in the morning, have mid-day off, then go back to work in the afternoon.  In the morning, it would be cold so I'd wear jeans and my usual long, oversized T-shirt.  I'd come home, take off my jeans and nap for a few hours.  Then I'd put on shorts and go back for the afternoon.After that, I always kept a pair of pants in the car.

This morning I replied to a "fibro/sleep problems" post...left a site addy for information on Melatonin,&nbsp; I kept saying I wanted to try it...then finally...I remembered to buy some    
I thought the same thing Diane.  &nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
Hi and good question.  I'm on so much medication that I must take that I don't care to add anything else on the slight chance it might do something. I've tried many OTC and supplements with no results...malic acid, magnesium, vit D...you name it. All of these with my doc's OK.  So until large research shows very positive results I'm not interested in taking in any thing else.

I take 3 mg. Melatonin for insomnia. It was prescribed by my Dr. It works great. Although I have been getting more morning headaches

I don't personally take elavil myself, but I have heard of people taking that much.  As a matter of fact, my dog is suppose to take 100mg tablets, though I only give her half.  I just felt it was too much.  I know that there are others taking this med, so I am sure that you will get more replies.&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
my doctor had me go up to 50 mgs. per night....i have heard of some folks going up to 100 mgs.... it just stops working eventually.....

Thanks for the good input!  I took ten 10mg. tabs last night (which BTW felt kind of scary - that was quite a handful of pills!) and no sleeping pill and I slept quite a bit better.  I think I only woke up once and I didn't have any weird dreams.  My dr. is giving me a new RX for 25 mg. tabs so that I won't have to take so many at a time from now on.  I think the side effect that I'm most concerned about&nbsp;
hey  the costo pain remains with me  besides the left and right breast bone it can be felt above my breast (the chest area)  and even the sides of both the arms and under arms as well&gt; the ouchiness happens only when i press the spots to check. i m still sticking to homeopathy meds. does anybody have this  kind of pain whch is all over the rib cage?
I have tenderness throughout my rib cage and under my arms as well.   I dont have any advice for what to do about
Marlee,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
I have an appt. on Tuesda, July 29.&nbsp; It is with my gp.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I will take a pain and stiffness journal and list of symptoms.&nbsp; What else should I ask the doctor?

Have you been diagnosed with fibro yet?  I went to my doctor for my regular visit the other day just to check my lipid profile and I took him the check off list for fibro and a list of my symptoms.  I had asked the nurse before hand if the doc believed in fibro...she said well I don't know about
I just wanted to let everyone know that I am feeling alot better then last week.&nbsp; My shoulder is almost back to normal.&nbsp; It will still ache pretty good if I try to stress it so I am heeding the warning and leaving it alone.&nbsp; My mood has improved too.&nbsp; Still very tired latey but not so much of the deppression I had last week.&nbsp; The temps are cooler and that is nice for me not so much for Jays work.&nbsp; As soon as the sun goes away so do the ppl wanting sub sandwiches.&nbsp; Been slow and sales are down which in turn brings Jays mood down.&nbsp; He is working a 17 hour shift today as yet another on of his employees bailed and to top it off headquarters come in this past week and inspected while he was gone.&nbsp; Um ya,they failed multiple things and becuase its Jays crew working Jay got wrote up so tomorrow he called a meeting for everyone and I would not want to be in that room as he has been steaming all week about it and rather grumpy to live with.



Hi Karen,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
I understand &quot;spot mopping&quot; and am proud that I discovered it LOL When I am shaky or wobbly I usually spill lots from the firdge. So I &quot;mop&quot; that area with a paper towel. Some spots are always &quot;cleaner&quot; than others. I take pride that I regularly mom my kitchen. We just don't discuss the areas that rarely have spills and are therefore- hmmmm- au naturale!


Karen, I'm glad you are feeling better.  Good job on pacing yourself at your mom's house and not overdoing it.  The butterflies sound pretty; maybe they make you giggle a little everytime you see them on her wall?  I'm glad that you and your mom are getting along.  I'm sorry about~Sue
Karen, I'm so glad you are feeling better!!  And good for you for pacing yourself, I'm sure it will do a world of difference.  I can also feel a more upbeat, positive person in your posts :)  It sounds like you are doing much, much better, and I'm so glad.  Your posts almost had me in tears, I felt for you so.  

HI Karen,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Sherrine, try a Magic Eraser for the patio furniture, it is so easy!  I love the magic eraser for my fridge too, it has a texture to it and so hard to keep clean.



Too bad we couldn't erase the fibro with that magic eraser.&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Ohhhhhhhhh gotta get me one of those magic eracer things!!!! Hm wonder if it works on wrinkles or age spots???????
I was going to get a magic eraser at the store today, but I forgot!  ha ha

Yes I guess it was, but you know what?  That is okay...&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
I think Karen did a good job with the answers for you.  I have had everyone of those problems listed in your post and they all come and go.  The fog is the worse for me cuz I have to have a sharp memory for my job.  I have to remember everything that I need and everything that I have packed up in boxs in the store room. I work for Hallmark doing the cards in a large chain store.  
Hi statgeek,
Thanks Chutz, that looks like a good and thorough journal.  mamanan, I think you just put a dot on the graph each hour for your level of pain, then you include the other information on the notes portion and on the body diagram.  Sue
Hello--I am new to this board.&nbsp; I have been a member of HW for a long time, on the Bipolar forum.


Mogli
okokok...so i've been a chronic pain sufferer for over 3 years now.&nbsp; i have been dx'd 3 bulging discs in low back, DDD, depression, and anxiety.&nbsp; lately when i wake up, my hips (sides) and butt hurt terribly; and of course, my back; but that's nothing new.&nbsp; i rarely have shooting pain down the leg, but do infrequently.&nbsp; also, my neck and shoulders hurt most of the time...if i turn my head in a circle a few times, it'll usually pop a bit and i'll have short term relief.&nbsp; i take 10 mg kadian 2 x's a day,&nbsp;xanax prn, lexapro, adderall, and 7.5/750 vics for bt...i can (and pretty much have to) take 4 vics a day.&nbsp; i am in pain management and i have a GREAT doc.&nbsp; she is really compassionate and kind.&nbsp; should i bring this up to her as fibro or just let her know about my increased hip and butt pain?&nbsp; thanks for any help.
Hi Hurting,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia


Hurting,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Hi hurting,Sue
hi all...thanks for your posts.&nbsp; so today is totally different...my back is the usual pain, the hips and butt&nbsp;are a little better today, but&nbsp; my neck and shoulders are a mess...so sore.&nbsp; luckily i am able to get into my pm doc tomorrow @ 11:30.&nbsp; any suggestions on how to approach the appt?&nbsp; i'm taking my daughter to the jonas brothers tomorrow night and it's gonna be brutal.&nbsp; also...am travelling this weekend to see 2 concerts myself w/ my hubby and a buncha people.&nbsp; have been looking forward to it all summer and right now, it's causing&nbsp;a tremendous amt of anxiety...car ride, walking and lots of standing/dancing; right.&nbsp; awful.   


Hi Hurting and welcome to our fibro family. I'm sad that you have to be here but at least you know you are among loving and caring people who are here for you whenever you need us.  


I have had a prob for about a month w/ Tendenosis in my right shoulder, even longer in my right hand and knee. I finally got into the ortho dr on Thurs. He said I needed cortisone in my knees, yeah, both are bad, and my shoulder. I vetoed that. He did give me shots in both knee caps. He asked how I was w/ needles, I told him "Big Baby". The first shot was not too bad, the sceond one OMG. They brought me juice boxes, lol. He gave me a rx for Lyrica 75mg at night, I asked if I was to take it w/ the Soma that is from my PCP, He said yes. I did, and got up at 5:30 on Fri to do groc w/ my DS (who's on vacation) I was so sick, nauseous, dizzy, shaky. I decided to just take the Lyrica in the eve - no Soma. It still takes me awhile to function in the morning but I'm not spinning. The dr. also gave me Lidocaine patches for my shoulders, yes both. My left is so sore, I guess from p/u the slack for the right arm. The patches don't seem to be helping. I have to ice, heat, exercise, then ice my arm 2x a day at least.
I have had therapy on my shoulders.  My neck is a mess, as  some other vertabrae in my back.  The best thing that I found in the therapy I had was the wet heat, tens unit and then the massage (light massage).......the exercises wore me out.  I came home and napped.I hope you feel better!  I think that I would want to crawl up under the dr.'s carpet if he suggested a shot in my knee!!!!  That sounds very painful.



Marlee,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia


Hi Blackbird,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
Hi Blackbird, my rheumy said that I am hyperflexible.  I hyperextend both my elbows and knees all the time, and always have.  I used to be able to put both feet behind my head at the same time and also do chinese splits.  The dr. says a lot of people with fibro have been hyperflexible in their lives.  I am still pretty flexible, but not like Sherrine. =].  Diane
Thank you all so very much.Black Bird.
Does anybody ever get cold clammy sweats?&nbsp; 




LOL Kelly   &nbsp;&nbsp; hehehe I love that part of alot of your posts Kelly
I never thought of blood sugar, though you would think that I would have, it has been happening ever since I have had the fibro.  I figured it would be medication or something.  I worry more about&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

I like the protien bars.  I could live on them actually.  I use to be a bigger fan of meat than I am now.  I like the granola bars too.  Cranberry and ginger is really good.  Though I try to eat a balanced diet.  When I first got fibromyalgia I remember not wanting to eat meat at all.  I wonder why.  Maybe because my physical activity dropped to almost zero.  I went through a lot of changes when I first got fibro.  And I still am.  It sure does change one's life.&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
I find that i get cold sweats quite a bit..... and its not always from low blood sugar.. but most of the time it is... i always have a hand full of almonds near by.. since they are protein.. and not as high in sugar and sodium as some of the granola and protein bars

&nbsp;
Hey everyone! i just got back from camping  (at algonquin park) for a weekw00t w00t.
yah it's so true.  i find that when i sit around for long periods of time.. i feel a lot more stiff and achey.hehe

hahaha i actually did a google search for the spider. didn't get a pic of it. i squashed it and there was no more sign of it in the dirt. oops. hahaha: ))))
oh.. btw getting by.. i don't think it was poisonous.  it hurt a lot when i got bit.. but it just looked like a mosquito bite. it's ok now: )))
Glad you had such a great time!  Hope the bear didn't do too much damage.  The worst we got camping was raccoons, and were they ever bold!  Came right up to our camp chairs around the fire one night; it was just too bad the kids had missed them.  I'm a little jelous of all the hiking you did.  Hiking has to be one of my favourite activities, adn I was too fatigued to do any our last trip.  Well, that and we had no time with all our day trips.  We are going camping for another week in Champlain Park (by Mattawa) at the beginning of August.  We are only hanging out there this time, no side trips, so I'm hoping I'll be able to hike!  Especially since I bought a new sling for baby girl just for that purpose ;)
Thought this was interesting. a friend of mine found it while researching something else and passed it on to meor even yourself if you don't really understand it a whole lot.
no problem! i'm glad i could share something:D

bahaha  seriously. i think visual aids help them much ; )))
Good Monday to all of you,


I love hearing good news and congratulations on the weight loss!!! I've battled extra weight as far back as I can remember. Still do every day. So I do understand that any loss is a reason to celebrate.

That's wonderful!!!  It's so encouraging when you finally see success!!!  Give yourself a BIG pat on the back for that :D
Just wanted to add, I am very sure that alot of us here have had weight problems for years....I was underweight during my teens and 20's...then came 
Gramma,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia


Morning Kelly
Congrats on the weight loss!!  Not to provide too much info to you gals, but my first baby was 5.5lbs. so a little less than what you just lost, and let me tell you, that was a heap full of baby coming out!!  Like Diane said, hold 6lbs or butter or potatoes, that is a lot of weight!  Bravo to you!!Shannon, I live on crushed ice!  It is my treat every night, and sometimes I even squirt some lemon juice or lime juice over it and just crunch away!  Yum, I just love it.  For someone who is severely underweight (so yes, you can have Fibro and be rail thin too!) it is not the best snack for me to crunch on every night, I am gaining no calories from it, but yup, I crave it and am severely anemic as well.  My rheumatologist told me that anemic people do crave ice chips.  Now if only I could crave some potato chips........
Gamma,Meggie
Thank you all for all of your kind words.&nbsp; It's great to have wonderful people to share good news with.&nbsp; I don't know if the connection between weight gain and fibro is the problem, or if it is the meds we take.&nbsp; I was one of those people who never gained any weight, didn't weight over 130 until I was 48 and the neuro put me on neurontin.&nbsp; Wow! the weight went up like a rocket and I have had difficulty taking it off until now.
Congratulations on your weight loss!  that is truly an admirable feat.Sue
Jeannie- &nbsp;
I was dignosed with fibro only about a month ago and started taking meds and was starting to feel better. today I found out that I pregnant and the doctor told me to stop all of my medications. I am affraid of the pain. Any suggestions

Hi bphope and congrats-&nbsp;

Congratulations!!! I was actually wondering if having FMS lessens your chance of getting pregnant?

I had pain during the last 4 months of my pregnancy. HOwever, I wish I had known aboutDonnaeil
So I saw a rheumatologist for the first time last Friday. He agreed with me and said that he thought I have fibromyalgia.  He said though that he still had to rule up lupus so he ordered blood work for that just to make sure, but he said he expects it to come back negative. I suppose it's good to check since one can have fibro and lupus at the same time. is that a long time ago I was diagnosed with PCOS, which is another disorder that tends to cause a lot of fatigue, does anyone know if there is a connection between fibro and PCOS?
Well I'm not sure if REM sleep is a problem for me. I believe REM is the stage of sleep that dreams occur in. I know that I dream most nights even if I can't always remember my dreams clearly.All I know is that I'm really looking forward to the winter because I'm so sensitive to the heat. I also slept a lot more soundly in the winter and I'm not sure why. Haven't been sleeping well since the beginning of spring and I remember the same thing happening last year but thought it was a med side effect at the time. I'm just hoping that when winter finally comes I'll be able to get the kind of sleep I used to be able to get.
Hi Kythe-&nbsp;

Yeah I'm really sensitive to certain products as well. Sometimes I can handle them scented and sometimes I can't. Deodorant is one that I really can't handle scented and it is so hard to find things that are truly unscented. Most things that are marked unscented actually have fragrance in the ingredient list. I was really upset yesterday when I had to buy more deodorant and the store didn't have the stuff I bought last time. I'm always nervous aboutI also find there are a lot of natural scents that I can't handle. For example, the smell of oranges makes sick to my stomach and many flower scents give me a horrible headache.
The noise from the fan is too loud for me to sleep with, I only use it during the day. Even when I use it during the day it doesn't help all the time. Air blowing on you doesn't do much good if the air that's being blown is hot and humid. I often have to resort to lowering the theromostat. Makes me feel a bit guilty because other people in the house get cold.I did look at the Dove stuff, but i could only find the Dove unscented in the hard solid kind which feels really irritating on my skin. I need to use either soft solid or gel. The brand I was using before was Secret Platinum soft solid unscented which had no fragrance in the ingredients. What I ended up buying this time was a brand called Mitchum fragrence free and it came in a clear gel. I just hope it works as well keeping me dry as the Secret Platinum did.
Sorry, Kythe. I want to welcome you to this forum, it and an Alzheimers (I'm a caregiver), forum, have, and I really mean this . They have saved my life. Thank-you all.

HI Rosky,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia



HI Roski,
I'm in denial all the time.  I don't have a dx yet, but I don't think that will change even after I do.  Some mornigns when I come on here I feel like such an imposter!  But when I feel really good adn think that I'm imagining it all, I go back to my pain journal and read it.  I think because the pain is so diverse and... weird, for lack of a better word... it's hard to remember or describe, even to yourself.  But I'm starting to see a bit of a pattern where I am more achy adn fatigued in the afternoon.  So I try to enjoy the mornings even more now.
Yesterday you'd think my brain was made primarily of marshmallows.&nbsp; I was running psychology research and kept forgetting to keep the secret evidence box out of the presence of new participants.&nbsp; It is a long story, but I was supposed to show participants the materials at a very specific time during the research experiment and then take it back to the storage room until next time, but I couldn't get it right!&nbsp; I'd leave it in the room when the next person came in, or take it out and drop it all on the floor in front of new participants.&nbsp; I couldn't get the video to run properly because I kept reading the menu wrong.&nbsp; I'd carry off the informed consent forms and set them down somewhere and have to go looking for them again.&nbsp; I couldn't think of my vocabulary when corresponding with profs, either.&nbsp; I'd think, what's that word, aw heck, what is a diff word? and sit there and ponder how I was supposed to say something when I couldn't come up with the words. . .When I came home to make dinner, it was just as bad.&nbsp; Even as I was thinking I would pour the hot pasta water over the frozen vegies for a bit of added flavor and jump start&nbsp;their cooking, I poured it into an empty pan and thought, oh, where are the vegies?&nbsp; After dinner I finally gave up and watched tv.

I agree with Sherrine...ya just gotta try and laugh it off. I must say I'm not always successful, especially when I'm tired and it's the 4th time I've tried to put the milk into the pantry...but, you do have lots of company.

You are all so right - laughing does make it better.  All the while with participants yesterday when I'd say, ok, come in and have a seat, no, wait, will you wait outside, ok, come back in now, etc.  I just told them, &quot;sheesh, I'm such a dork,&quot; and &quot;no, all this shenanagin is not part of the experiment.  We are not trying to figure out how much silliness you will tolerate before you leave!&quot;  On days like that, I need to remember to practice mindfulness.  It is something I learned from Thich Nhat hanh's book, miracle of mindfulness.  Maybe it will help.  :)
omgosh Meggie, it is crazy, isn't it?&nbsp; But I need these guys' glowing letters of recommendation for my phd program applications!&nbsp; I told my research mentor yesterday that the computer was giving me problems and that is what threw me off!&nbsp; Fortunately he says I take things to seriously and to lighten up a bit.&nbsp; Also, he told me yesterday that he was confident that I would succeed in whatever program I ended up joining.&nbsp; I told him, "hold that thought! write it down, we gotta make sure that gets in the letter of rec."&nbsp; ha ha.&nbsp; 
Talk about&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

I was in a car accident a few months ago that was totally my fault or the fault of the  fibro fog.  I was so disoriented while driving that I had no clue I was making a left hand turn from the right lane of a one way street.  That was when I woke up and realized how serious this thing was.
No, neither of us were hurt but I was concerned because my fibro started after an auto accident a little over a year ago that wasn't my fault.  I felt awful for being the cause of this other persons' stress because I knew what it felt like to have no control over your body and know that it was someone else's fault.
I've lost a few symptoms over the last week or two, but gained a few.&nbsp; I think I'm developing IBS.&nbsp; This is something that has been causing me a little bit of grief, but has definately worsened now.&nbsp; My 'fibro fog' has lifted, yeah!&nbsp; Well, it's much better at least (wait for it!) and I'm not so dizzy (or is that ditsy?)anymore, adn no more vertigo.&nbsp; The pain has also definately lessened, especially in the cheeks.&nbsp; It's back to the annoying 'pinching' on the cheek bones.&nbsp; Even my legs feel better, and the knot at the back of the head.&nbsp; And I can see again!&nbsp; I did some digi-scrapping yesterday, it was so nice; I was having a hard time at the computer.&nbsp; But I am more fatigued now.&nbsp; I feel great in the mornigns, but by after lunch I need a break.&nbsp; If I rest I'm not too bad for dinner and the evening, but if I don't, I'm a write-off by dinner time, and then the ache sets back in the back and legs.&nbsp; Also have a lot more numbness in the legs and arms/hands.
Oh dear...lol.  We all can empathize with you, mamanan! I have had to work hard at laughing when I do silly ''fibro&quot; things otherwise I get upset and depressed and that won't help anything.  

Oh manaman, I can relate to the sheets incident!  I do things like that all the time.  Right in the middle of cooking a meal, I will washt he spoon I am stirring the pot with and put it away and then a few minutes later I am searchng for it, &quot;where did I put that spoon?!&quot;  Laughing at  yourself makes it a lot easier.~Sue
I've been having leg cramps the last few weeks but I believe it's related to the amount of sweating I'm doing from the heat... Just a thought.   Probably should up my banana intake for the potassium.
I think today it hit me how the lack of sleep is impacting my lifestyle; in every way. I don't seem to handle any stress as well as I used too. I have no motivation and no energy. I'm tired of being tired. The leg pains won't leave me and I think they will drive me crazy   4 weeks now and sadly its not working. I had previously been takin zanaflex, no luck either. The weather here is rain for the next 4 days and so I think that's why my legs are aching so badly even during the day. I admit I'm feeling depressed (hard to admit that). Anyone else struggling with night leg pains that wake them up and if so, what helped you?
Kimb,

I have a long post on this on Tuesday Check-in.  Diane
i find epsom salt baths are great for relieving pain... just add 1 or 2 cups of epsom salts to a nice hot bath and soak for 20 minutes... 
Thank you all. I may give that melatonin another try. Diane, thanks, I reviewed that thread from Tuesday. I don't come on everyday and so I missed it.  I will continue trying different things until I find what works; ughKimb
Hi all,
Hi Poco,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia






*~* Happy Birthday! *~*

Sherrine-&nbsp;

Happy Birthday Marlee!!Meggie
Marlee- 




Happy Birthday, Marleeeee!!!!!  I hope Ken does get you that hot tub, cause I'll just drive over to Illinois and jump in with you.  I would probably splash all the water out, though.  Have a great day.  Diane
Not by much...but happy birthday anyway!!


Happy birthday, a day late!  But we always celebrate birthday week, so, since the week is not up, everyone is still treating you like a queen, right?Sue
Looks like I may be a day late and a dollar short, but happy birthday Marlee.Moderator Chronic Pain

Marlee, I hope that you had a wonderful birthday!!  I say go ahead and get your self that hot tub, lol.  How was your baby fix?  I keep thinking I'm finally over baby fever, then I see a newborn and I just melt.  Not that dh would ever go for more, or me for that matter!  But newborns are so addictive, and cuddly, and they smell so good!....  I may have to go get dd and rock her back to sleep now :)
Hello everyone. I am new here. And I just wanted to say hi. Um...I haven't been officially diagnosed with Fibromyalgia yet, but I am on the newly FDA approved drug Lyrica. My doctor and I are both pretty sure that this is what it is, but he is hesitant to diagnose me quite yet because I am only 20 years old. He knows that almost everything else has been eliminated, but he wants to wait because it is a lifelong diagnoses. 

welcome to the forum. i'm new too.: ))))
Welcome Sherlock,Meggie!


 it's actually really good so far.. and as well as being informative for me.. i find that it's a great book for other people to read too (your friends, family etc who might want to inform themselves on FMS) without using complicated jargon etc.
Hi Ingenua-&nbsp;
I am getting a copy from my local library.  Want to see what it says before I spend any monies.
i woke up with a nasty headache today.

Hi all,
Morning Ingenua

I think you may have Lyme Disease. You need to see a specialist. www.underourskin.com - see the trailer for this movie. Please let me know if I can help. I want to help people that are not getting the right diagnosis or no diagnosis at all to spare them the pain of what I have gone through.! Good luck.

I get really bad headaches. I have one right now. They are usually a bad dull pain toward the right backside of my head close to the top. Its a weird spot, I think, but...not much I can do... I usually just go along with it, nothing I take helps so... wish I were of more help
I don't have Lyme Disease.  i actually got tested for that.. because when i got really sick in September of last year, we actually thought i had lyme disease. but yah.. none of that.i heard you get headaches a lot when yer pregnant too

Hi,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

If you put costochondritis into the little google box in the beige strip below the yellow stripe at the top of the page you will find more info than you want to know about
I get costo as well and like the others it comes and goes, but for me it can last for days at a time and its just aweful. I got a heating pad and crank that up and fold the pad in  half and put a towel in front so my elbows can hold the pad in place on my chest.  It helps me.  Sure hope you can find relief, you might wanna try to learn to take slow deep breaths to help relieve the pain and let me tell ya laughing can make it hurt too.  The best thing is to try to relax as much as possible and that can be hard when your in pain and I'm sorry, but it does help.
hiya----it's&nbsp; me again.&nbsp; goin to psychiatrist in a bit; pm told me to talk to her about providing me w/ a sleep med.&nbsp; any recommendations???&nbsp; i need something that i can take w/ my current "pharmacy" of:&nbsp; kadian, vicodin, adderall, xanax prn, and lexapro; altho the lexapro will maybe change??
Hi hurting...
Does anyone experience pain around where your collarbone meets your neck. My Dr. thinks that i have Fibromyalgia, I think i have Lymes. 
Thank you
I use to have a lot of pain in my neck muscles that was near the collarbone.  It felt like the collarbone but it was the muscles.  Your neck muscles get so tense from all of the other pain that it becomes a viscious cycle between pain and tension.&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
hello everyone. Just wanted to introduce myself.  I was diagnosed with fibro when I was 10 years old, by the leading specialist at that time.  I am now 33.  I was very lucky that I had a persistent mom and we lived in Texas at that time.  I was on all kinds of different meds, until I became pregnant with my first child at age 24.  My husband who doesn't have alot of faith in the medical world began researching.  The pregnancy was hard.  I had a lot of preterm labor.   We found out that taking calcium/magnesium helped my muscles to relax and not go into contractions.  We also learned several other alternative methods to the pain that I endure.  It is nine years later, and now three children call me mom.  I only use otc meds now, but am going to a new doctor tomorrow.  We will see.  jacey

Hi Jacey and welcome!  Good luck with your new doc. That's always a worry with those of us who have fibro. Most are great but unfortunately there are still those in the dark ages.  

QTK-
One day at a time... one meal or snack at a time. Just brush yourself off and get back on the wagon. A little slip does not mean that everything is over... Tomorrow is a new day. Start again and keep at it. You can do it.
Karen,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia





Hi Meg,

The chiro I am going to treats many people with fibro...so I am very trustng of her.  Chiro has always made me feel better because of the DDD.  But I may have to rethink it because of the fibro..if that is what I have.  The chiro did the pressure point test on me and she is convinced but like I said no Rhummy appointment until September.  And thanks to the fog it took me 15 minutes to write this LOL my fingers and brain aren't getting along today!!
Hi,

i didn't have a problem with my air mattress. but make sure you get a twin.  double or queen mattresses aren't good.: )))
Hi Abigail! camping is one of my passions. I can most deffinately offer a few tips! first off, make sure you set the tent in the most level spot, and thorougly check the ground for roots, rocks etc. a small slope can be a pain in the butt! I have 2 sleeping pads- one for backpacking, and one for &quot;car camping&quot; -which is anytime I don't have to carry all of my supplies on my back- the latter- is very comfy! its got a small amount of padding, and you are also able to blow it up. it seems to get you that perfect amount off the ground without being too high- which can happen with a lot of air matresses that are not ment for camping.I don't know about
Good evening to all!


Morning Cyndie
Cindy,    In our area RN's are in short supply and much demand. I am praying for a new 

You guys are the best!!Cyndi
Hi: : I am finally returning to work after almost 2 months of disability and I am worried.have developed anti - bodies to Remicade - Wow what a ride. Any advice = Thanks.

Hey Star, how are you? I am hoping that your work is going well and you are feeling alright. Let us know how its going! 
Hi!  I'm new to the forum.  I was diagnosed with fibro in June, but I have been in severe pain since an auto accident in May 2007.  I broke my hand in the accident.  After about four months later I began experiencing a stiffness and inability to straighten my elbow.  I told the ortho and he said it was overuse.  That was in December and I still cannot straighten it.  My GP sent me to another ortho who said x-rays were fine but I had fluid in my elbow and I needed to see a rheumy.  That's when I got diagnosed, but the rheumy says I need to see an ortho for my elbow.  This seems like a never ending circle of wasted co-pays and no answers.  I can't tell you how relieved I was to actually get the dx of fibro!  At least I knew what was causing all of my other symptoms.  I need to know if my neck and arm pains and even the fluid on my elbow are part of my fibro or just another thing that's wrong with me. Doe anyone out there have a similar story?
The elbow thing didn't start until after I began to have other symptoms like pain throughout my body and tiredness.  Forward head posture is basically when my head is in front of my shoulders.  The PT said I needed to do exercises daily to improve my posture and that the accident probably messed up the alignment worse.  Before my accident, I had not been on medication for anything other than headaches.  The pain began after having a sinus infection.  I thought my glands were swollen because I was so sick.  Once the infection was better, I noticed my neck felt just as bad and began to worsen.   The pain I experienced with this for months was disabling.  I couldn't sleep at night because I would wake in pain so often.  It literally felt like my neck couldn't hold my head up.  Drs kept giving me pain killers until I had to take so many to get the effects.  I began to be dependent on them and neglect my children.  One day I woke up with a terrible migraine so bad that I had to go to the ER where they tried to prescribe me more painkillers.  At this point, I lost it.  The last time I had been to the hospital was with my neck and they gave me MS CONTIN!  It seemed like the only treatment was to cover up my symptoms which just made me out of it for about six months.  I decided to stop taking all pain killers and got on prozac  because my Dr said I had Post traumatic stress syndrome from the accident.  This helped my state of mind but didn't provide relief of anything else.The interesting thing to me is that so far, my neck problem and my elbow thing have both been on the right side of my body.  I still have no idea what is going on and would appreciate any feedback.

I went to see my new family doctor.  I have always felt that hormones could explain some of my symptoms.  I have had my thyroid tested a couple of times but nothing turned up.  After looking over everything over my doctor suggested an endocrinologist.  Have any of you gone to one?  What were the results?Jacey
I've been to an endo by I am a diabetic on insulin. Had nothing at all to do with fibro.  Did he say why he was sending you and what he hoped to learn? He owes you that much.


Marlee,
Hey everyone,
Hi Poco,
Hi Poco
Be forwarned....this is a vent! Boss decides to take tomorrow off at the last minute.&nbsp; This of course puts me doing 2 days of work in 1 day!&nbsp; It's raining...so everything hurts.&nbsp; Hormones are screwed up...on my second monthly visit!&nbsp; ^&amp;*^%$ Yeast infection to boot!&nbsp; Will someone please just do me in now!&nbsp; It's now quarter to one "tomorrow" and I can't get to sleep after taking my ultracet &amp; lexapro!&nbsp; Auuuuggghh!   

Thanks for the &quot;ear&quot; last night.  Cramping has subsided some, still tired and the yeast infecton goes on but is some better today.  Whew!  TGIF! I plan to hybernate this weekend until my attitude improves...I can't even stand myself and the monkeys are running from me too!

Thought my Rheumy visit was worth posting about.

because of illness and of course, low sun exposure.hey Marlee looks like we take several of the same meds, but that's to be expected around here. Yep!
Just wanted to update you quickly on my doctor's visit before I head out the door.&nbsp; Not much news,&nbsp; my NP is stumped... still.&nbsp; He says my symptoms are too varied.&nbsp; When he thinks it might be one thing, there is nothing to support it.&nbsp; He was leaning very strongly towards fibro, but my pressure points have disappeared, other than the 2 at the knees and 1 elbow.&nbsp; Has this ever happened to anyone?&nbsp; Also, my pain and fatigue aren't consistent with fibro.&nbsp; Well, he says that, but what I've learned from reading all your experiences is that no 2 cases are alike, and very few are 'text book'.&nbsp; 


I think you&nbsp;all have to be&nbsp;re-evaluated forLyme Disease. You need to see a lyme literate specialist.  - see the trailer for this movie.&nbsp;Please let me know if I can help. 

Ok, thanks. I really want to help people so that they don't have to go through what I've been through. Thanks so much.
Hi, I'm new here.&nbsp; I can relate to going through a tough time getting diagnosed.&nbsp; It took doctors two years to diagnose me with fibro.&nbsp;I had so many test done, some of them pretty intrusive.&nbsp; I was diagnosed in 97.&nbsp; Since then,&nbsp;through years of research and trying everything, I am doing pretty well.&nbsp;&nbsp;I still have those days of&nbsp;fibro fog and pain, but it is much more manageable.&nbsp; Hang in there.&nbsp;&nbsp; 
I don't want to be annoying but are you sure its not lyme? The symptoms can include but are not limited to: brain fog, difficulty concentration, difficulty with focus, eye floaters, eye issues, teeth or nerve pain, jaw issues, ear sensitivity, dizziness, migrating pains - joint and muscles, including back, neck, etc, etc, stomach problems, joint stiffness, swelling, sore throat, light sensitivity, hearing sensivity, headaches, rash, fever, chills, list goes on and on. it. Email me with any questions. I wish you the best. If you are in NJ I will take you to the doctor myself!
You can still have lyme even if you do not test positive on any blood tests. There are hundreds of strains of lyme and the blood tests only test for a few of these strains. Maybe people go untreated because they think that a negative blood test means they do not have it when in fact the symotms and hisroty tell a different story. Have you had a brain SPECT test?Just an FYI. I wish you luck in feeling better.



Hi thriving and welcome!&nbsp;

thriving-&nbsp;
I don't think everyone has lyme disease but if you came down with flu-like symptoms before the 'fibro' symtoms, you may want to be see a lyme specialist.
Hi Everyone,
Hey everyone,

Hi Poco,SunnyDottie

Hi everyone,
Poco,Moderator Chronic Pain


This happened to me when I increased from 300 to 400 a day, so I am staying at 300 for now. I started at 25, not 75...I was told they always start small and work up, so 75 twice a day sounds like a lot. Ask for the starter pack, it's a bunch of 25 mg, grouped into four weeks, so you up the dosage over time.

Where do you live? Which state? It sounds like you have lyme disease. Did you know that lyme masks itself with lupus, arthitis, CFS, Fibro, etc. You should watch this new movie thats coming out - www.underourskin.com You can watch the trailer. Please see a doctor that can correctly diagnose you with the right thing. If you are near NJ, you should see Dr. Fein in West Caldwell. Good luck. Let me know if I can help.




Hi Karen,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia



We got 3 chickens and put them with the ducks.&nbsp; The duck pen and old rabbit pen are connected by a fence and gate.&nbsp; We opened the gate so they could be together.&nbsp; The rabbit pen needs a better roof as it is covered in netting and the grapes make the netting cave in.&nbsp; There were holes in the netting and the chickens flew up and roosted in the&nbsp;grapes.&nbsp; I was afraid a fox would get them!&nbsp; We cannot put in a proper roof until next week.&nbsp; Also, there was netting on the floor so the rabbits could not dig out.&nbsp; But they got out anyway - tricky little guys!&nbsp; 

Now now    - they are little babies, still - they still peep sometimes.&nbsp; Note to self: post guard at chickens.&nbsp; 
It just sounds like you over did it.  I guess that you felt that you had to get it done.  But please try to pace yourself in the future.&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

That is my middle name: overdoing stuff! Yeah, I didn't realize it would take so long or be so difficult to do.We have two ducks, George and Lucy and have wanted chickens for awhile.  But we wanted to make sure they had a nice place to live.  I don't like keeping things in tiny cages.  Now they have a nice comfy place that is safe from the predators.


I thought that they were called steers, but I wasn't sure, didn't want to sound too dumb, though I actually did.LOL...&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia


Male deer are bucks and female deer are does just like the bunny wabbits.  But Moose, which is the same singular and plural, are bulls and cows.  Just like the cattle.?There is your wildlife lesson fer today.&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

OH dear! Stat...I'll loan you a my male &quot;neutered&quot; cat to guard those chickens. Actually he's afraid of them....and his own shadow too.

about
I get lots of neck and upper back pain. My muscles are so tight right now, I can't have them touched. I have had stiff necks and knots in my back for most of my life. I always try to stretch throughout the day. My doctor just told me to hold the stretch for at least 30 seconds, and repeat for 3 reps, 3 times a day. This is head forward, back, to each side, and a corkscrew for the back, sitting on a chair. I know it's hard to find the time with kids, and so easy to forget to do too! Hopefully physio will help you too. Like Sherrine said, heat is great for tense muscles.
I use the rice bags, they really help a lot.  I have tense neck muscles also.  that is where I carry all of the stress.  Before I know it, my shoulders are up by my ears.  Good posture will help that part.&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

alright- this is a new one for me. I have def been feeling a little more fatigue than usual..but I have been feeling dizzy&nbsp;A LOT. when I go from stitting to standing..or even if I just stay sitting...I am making sure to keep hydrated....any ideas? anyone else experience this??
I don't know if I have fibro... although my symptoms seem to fit... so this might not pertain.  But I had lot sof dizziness for about


I would talk to the doctor about&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia


thanks everyone for making me feel better- whenever I experience a new symptom my first thought is &quot;massive brain tumor&quot;  my blood pressure is fine, thank you though Karen for double checking. other than the fibro, I am completely healthy. that is what frustrates me the most a lot of the time- I am 23, physically look to be in great shape...but as everyone knows here, how you look and how you feel are two different things.
I just had a doctor visit and had my hormone level tested.&nbsp; As I suspected, I'm getting into menopause.


Hi Luv
I'm soon to be 48 and if I don't stop soon...I'm gonna scream.  No difference in the level of Fibro pain, however, it does create havoc with my Crohn's symptoms which in turn causes stress and you KNOW where I'm going with this!  Endless cycle!  They don't call me &quot;broomhilda&quot; for nothing you know!
I barely drink anymore these days.  Not because of FMS but because I just have no desire to go out and get tanked because i'm not 19 anymore is there any truth to that and just how much?
My dr told me you develop an alcohol intolerance when you have Fibro, in other words, you feel the alcohol twice as much as someone who doesnt have Fibro....

With the problems that we have with caloric intake, I don't think I even want to drink anymore.  It is way too fattening, especially beer.  That was always my drink of choice.  As I got older, I really started to gain weight from it.  &nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
well...I rarely drink anymore either...However...when I do, it's a cheap drunk LOL&nbsp;&nbsp; Now that I am off the diabetic meds....I just might consider it more often...just when we eat out..not at home.&nbsp; I miss having that glass of wine with pasta dishes..or ceasar salad..they just go together.
i'm not on any meds.  so, i don't think it'd be a problem.  i don't usually feel sore from it the next day either.: ))) &lt;3

It sounds like it has some side effects like that, maybe you should talk to your dr's nurse and see what she says.  I took it before and it made me stutter.  I couldn't tolerate it, I tried it for a long time too.  &nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Kelly, &nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

I'm really bumming tonight.&nbsp; I had to leave a annual celebration in our community.&nbsp; My husband is a member of a group that has a community celebration yearly.&nbsp; They set up tents at a local park, have free games for the kids, crafts, very good food and a live band.&nbsp; It is a very good time, I always enjoy it.&nbsp; Today I woke up with a slight headache and things went down hill from there.&nbsp; I tried really hard to enjoy the festivities but my husband planted our tent right next to the band.&nbsp; I just couldn't take the noise of all the people and the music.&nbsp; My headache turned into a migraine, I was having terrible muscle spams in my right arm and shoulder, and the tender spots on my upper thighs ached. I could not sit and I couldn't stand so I politely said good bye and left (we took two cars, just in case).&nbsp; I crawled into bed when I got home and slept for two hours.&nbsp;&nbsp;My sister-in-law brought my kids home and later the husband came in the door looking very upset.&nbsp;&nbsp;He was looking forward to dancing and listening to&nbsp;the music (and that would have been fun) but since I&nbsp;left he was alone and embarrassed.&nbsp; He&nbsp;did not say much to me but his&nbsp;body language&nbsp;was very clear, I had let him down again.&nbsp; Well, he left to go back to the park (this is an&nbsp;all day thing) to play a game but commented on how he would have no one there to watch.&nbsp; I guess I'm just venting but how does a marriage survive Fibro.&nbsp; I feel like I am&nbsp;letting him down all the time.&nbsp;&nbsp;I couldn't blame him for&nbsp;looking elsewhere for comfort.&nbsp;&nbsp;Hopefully he doesn't!&nbsp;&nbsp;Tomorrow we need to be up early for church, his group&nbsp;meets there and we all go to mass.&nbsp; I'm am worried about getting there on time (He leaves really early so&nbsp;it's up to me to get&nbsp;myself and the kids out the door - three girls,&nbsp;need I say more) and&nbsp;not looking like I just crawled out of&nbsp;bed.&nbsp; Weekends and mornings are&nbsp;just not good&nbsp;days for me.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Hi Meggie,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Well I did make it through church.  I didn't feel very good but I went.  We usually go on Saturday evening because I never know how I will feel in the morning.  My husband has to leave early only on this day every year.  He is a part of the St. Rocco/St. Anthony Society and they have this weekend celebration every year.  The society has a meeting before church and then they attend church and march through town after mass.  Our town has been doing this for aboutMeggie

No doubt Marlee,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
The day is almost over, things have gotten better and the pressure of the weekend has subsided.  The husband is still a little tense but has been helping out around the house, he actually brought my heavy treadmill up the basement steps and into my bedroom (I can't stand the smell of the basement anymore).   He is a very good guy just childish when he does not get his way.  We have been married for 17 years, you would think I would have gotten used to the pouting by now.  I need to feel less guilty aboutMeggie








&nbsp; 

Lisa, if you knew my 13 year old you would know that is a compliment.&nbsp; She is tall, lean, blonde (not sure how she got blonde hair) and very bright.&nbsp; She doesn't give me to much lip either (at least not yet).&nbsp; The quality I think you would like best, she is passionate about horses, and as you said "will never give up her dream".






Hi Nancy,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
Nancy Welcome!
Welcome Nancy!

Hi Nancy
Welcome Nancy, welcome welcome welcome!!!Moderator Chronic Pain
I hope it's ok to start another thread :)


I am thinking the same thing, I think that Sherrine has lots of room.  Besides I can stay outside by the pool.LOL&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Hi everyone,
Hi Poco,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

I am taking a combo of ultram [100 mg twice a day], and cymbalta [60 mg a day] for pain. When the pain is bad [???] my doc lets me take flexeril- as much as I need until the flare calms down [again- ???] LOL he says that flexeril is not really useful as a daily pain med. I know that I am in more pain now that I am not taking it daily. Convincing him may be tough. I have not had a doc yet [I have moved five times in 8 years] that will prescribe anything serious for pain, they keep telling me I don't need another issuen [translation- addiction to narcotics]. They do not understand that I am not drug seeking, but I can be trusted to take my meds reponsibly and not self-medicate for fun.I keep promising myself that I will start on malic acis w/magnesium, but I haven't ordered it yet. I am going to do that today! Hope you find the info you need to help your rheumy help you best.
Hello everyone! I hope everyone is having a pleasant and pain free day. I&nbsp; have a question about
I agree with you-  I read about
I'm glad this topic came up. I've posted about this before but...have you ever tried curcumin?
I have taken ginseng and ginko biloba.  I find that the ginseng does help with energy, but I have never taken a lot of it, which I believe it would take a lot to help with fibro fatigue.  But it did help a little.  &nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
I guess my doctor is really cautious.  I've asked him about



Happy Birthdday Christi!&nbsp;


THANKS! So far, so good! I stayed up late cleaning then, got up early and had to go out...I spent about


Oh wow Happy Birthday!
Happy Birthday!!  Sounds like a wonderful time planned.  I'm so glad you can enjoy it!
haha I can mow 6 lawns because I HAD to! I thought I would die. I never hurt extremely UNLESS I do like what I did yesterday. I have to go once a week with my dad to mow for a little over an hour and my muscles kill me. Yesterday was hard. Some woman doesnt know how to STOP watering her yard! It took me forever to get it done. I had to stop like every 30 feet and dump a full bag..which is heavy! And had to walk up and down steps! My muscles felt like they were spasming out! I always start shaking and it feels like I cant move and it hurts really bad. When I got home I had to mow my neighbors(she already paid me and I was supposed to have done it like 4 days before, didnt feel good this weekend though)..So, I ate supper in the kitchen floor and made everyone walk over me because my legs were hurting when I was standing.
All I have to say is that I am definitely feeling the affects of yesterdays festivities!

Wow Christi,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
I'm new around here, have had FM for 7 years.
Hi Kaymac,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
my pain is from my jaw to my knees, on both sides.  my rib cage and hips hurt the most.  sometimes i have pains in my feet but that doesnt last too long.  there isnt a day that I dont have pain, and it moves up and down and down and up.  Nope, not a fun thing, but we have to do our best, and its not easy.

Always at the neck and upper back.  I've had that for most of my life, so I'm used to it.  y face has been hurting to varying degrees since May.  My legs come and go, mostly it's achy thighs.  My hands less often, but they hurt all in the joints with heat.
I never know from day to day where I am going to hurt but I always have pain in my neck and right shoulder.  I have a burning feeling in my muscles and in all of the tender spots.  I never felt them before, now I know right where they are, ouch. As I sit her typing both of my thighs are burning along with my left foot, it aches.  Sometimes it does feel like it is in the joint but it changes so it's hard to figure out.  I always have the burning feeling somewhere.Meggie









Hi kaymac

I have the most pain in my legs, knees, back and neck. Tonight I'm have severe pain in both breasts. It's very uncomfortable without a bra and with a bra. This has been going on for a couple of days but tonight it's really bad. It hurts when I walk or move. I hope it goes away soon. I have been having sore breast off and on for about a year. Mammograms show nothing wrong. I'm guessing it's related to the fibro. Anybody else have breast pain with fibro?
((((((Marlee))))))
Hi I am new to this although had fibro 3 years, my pain is intense burning in neck and shoulders and muscle spasm in thighs.

neck, shoulders, forearms, upper arms, fingers and hands sometimes, tops of feet, knees sometimes, sometimes feels as if it's my bones, but I think it's really my muscles
My doctor blows me off when I ask for something stronger. He gives me two tylenol3's four times a day. it takes three just to take the edge off. I used to take Vicodin and it worked, one 10 mg. tab five times a day. I take 100 mg. amyltriptilene at night. I don't understand it at all. I've run out of pain medication and have to suffer for a week to get more.&nbsp;My pain is in my left shoulder blade and up to my neck. all down the left side of my body. In my left hip and down the thigh muscle, into my left ankle. Also, sometimes my right lower back is involved. The most devastating pain is spinal pain. It's like I fell and hurt my tailbone but I didn't fall. I get pretty bummed out about the business of life. As opposed to trying to sleep the flare-up away by taking amyltriptilene during the day, which puts me in LaLa land where I can't talk, walk or even think straight. I'm venting, sorry, it just seemed appropriate when so many other of you are right where I'm at, right now. In pain and wondering which move to make (maybe a new doctor who'll listen and take me seriously). I haven't tried Lyrica, but as I've been on every wonder drug that came down the pike, with usually, disasterous results, and I already carry twenty pounds I shouldn't due to inability to "get moving" while in pain, I'm scared to try any new wonder drugs. Thanks guys.&nbsp;


to Sherrine,  cant thankyou enough for your lovely welcome, for the first time I feel like I am a part of something,  I cant explain how much better even mentally I now feel, It is like the lid taken off an bottle.   Thankyou for your support.    Sue2z

Time.
Missy,Meggie
Hi Missy,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
&nbsp;
Thanks everyone for all your suport and ideas.  I am feeling alot better today...the pain is so much better.  But now the anxiety is acting up...go figure LOL  My doctor would give me something if I ask for it...but up til the other day the pain has not been that bad...I mean it hurts but nothing I cannot tolerate.  ( Ihave a very high threshold for pain)  The other day though it was just horrible...and if it had went past that day I would have went to the ER or asked my doc to give me something.  I have a hard time taking pain meds because they space me out..Lord knows I'm spacey enough without it LOL.
My pain comes and goes.  Some days are worse than others, though I always have pain.  I have a high pain threshold too.  The fatigue is what really bothers me.  When I am so tired that I can't even talk, though some people don't consider that a problem.LOL...&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia


HI Marlee,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia


Hi Everyone
Lots of prayers and well wishes to you...



I just had a breakdown in front of my 8 year old daughter!  I feel like such a horrible mom because I can't do the things with my girls that I would like to do.  I am a school teacher so this is our summer break and it is taking a toll on all of us.  I don't sleep at night and I wake up feeling ill.  Last night I had to take a warm bath at 2:00am just to finally get t sleep 30 minutes later!  It seems like this is the case night after night. Then I woke up at 5:00.  I am hurting all over and can barely move my right arm.  I forced myself to cook some eggs, but beating eggs is no fun when your elbow hurts.  Unfortunately, this will be my one motherly duty that I accomplish aside from changing diapers today.  It is difficult for me to hear that I will probably get worse.  I am only 30 and I am a single mom.  I don't know how I'm going to continue a life like this.  I am also very concerned about my kids.  My mom acts like I can control whether or not I sleep and how I feel.  She says &quot;you need to keep  moving and you'll feel better&quot;.  She doesn't understand how tired my body gets from a few hours of constant movement, or even from light housework.  Folding laundry even kills me!  I just feel like I'm on the verge of destruction here.  How can I make my life better?



Cindy,Holly
Cindy, I'm so sorry for all that you are goign through right now.  I don't have much advice for the pain of fibro.  I'm still on my way to a dx and learning every step of the way.  But you have gotten some great advice up in the other posts... rest when you can, use moist heat, double up on the tylenol and advil (although it doesn't work for me, it's worth a shot).  I guess I went through a flare a few weeks ago.  I was so down, I didn't see how I could manage to keep going.  If this was fibro, then I would rather have anything else.  But I kept moving, and I made it through.  It was a huge help when I didn't focus so much on what I couldn't do, but on what I could do instead.  






The medication for that is called mirapex.  I tried it, but it made me worse.  But that doesn't mean that it wont work for you.  There is another one but I can't remember the name, it starts with an 'r'.  &nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
My leg issues have been going on 11 months. I don't seem to describe the creepy crawling or the urge to move. For me its a deep aching pain and also begins later in the day and every night wakes me up. I stretch, I walk, I take warm baths, I use heat, I use topical creams    .&nbsp;I will try the quinine and see if that works. When I move my legs I do get relief.&nbsp; The leg pain is the worst for me.
I have had severe RLS for about&nbsp;15 yrs&nbsp;now.&nbsp; it was one of the first symptoms I had with the fms. I have to take medication daily for the rls or I pay for it and get zero sleep.&nbsp; and of course, the less sleep you get, the worse your fms is.&nbsp; 

hi marlee...I haven't sought out help in a long time.&nbsp; when I was in therapy my therapist gave me lots of samples, which is how I was able to take the Mirapex (thanks for the person who triggered my memory).&nbsp; once I was released from therapy I went back to the Sinemet because it was a fraction of the price.&nbsp; then walmart started their $4 plan, and that helped&nbsp; with all my med costs too.&nbsp; right now the only prescriptions I am taking are&nbsp;the Sinemet and for tramadol.&nbsp; so my med costs are a fraction of what they used to be.&nbsp; 
ah, thank you, you are correct, it is Requip, not Mirapex that I took.&nbsp; love that fibro fog! 

Had I known at the time what RLS was or what it felt like, I would have been tap dancing in the aisle to get some relief :) I couldn't figure out why it felt like my legs wanted to take a walk and thought it was because I was overtired. I know better now!
That was a big complaint when I wasn't feeling all that great last month.  I love to do digital scrapbooking, but I coudln't sit at the computer.  My body felt so tense, and the ache in my legs got worse.  I didn't realize it might be rls.  I thought with rls you got spasms that moved your legs.
I have a mix of symptoms.&nbsp; some times it is "just" an ache.&nbsp;(not belittling the ache, it's awful!!!)&nbsp;sometimes my legs tremble.&nbsp;sometimes all I can do is get up and walk around. &nbsp;they also will kick out on their own accord.&nbsp; I have spent nights walking the floor crying out of frustration because I am so exhausted...all of the symptoms are extremely uncomfortable.





good luck tomorrow diane.   I only got a few hours of sleep myself, it's 3:30am here.  I had a hard time getting to sleep in the first place, and then only slept about 4 hours.  tomorrow/today is going to be a long day.

I have RLS really bad and the doctor gave me Requip and that has been a lifesaver for me.  I usually have to take it by 4:oo pm as my legs get so bad.



The doc says fibro is definitely real and I have the symptoms.&nbsp; she pressed lightly up and down my arms and legs and they were sore in some spots.&nbsp; She says that means that if I have it, it is a mild case because I was not sore in all spots.&nbsp; She didn't check all the spots that I saw on teh charts, but she referred me to the pain clinic which has an 8 week program to teach people how to deal with fibro.&nbsp;I can get more info there. &nbsp;She also ordered blood work for diabetes because of a strong family history and for iron levels.&nbsp; I asked why she is testing for diabetes and she said that could cause fatique.&nbsp; She held the referral for physical therapy until after I attend the fibro program.


I'm glad you are on your way to getting help.  It does sound like the visit went well.  Good luck at your next appointment, and let us know how it goes.  That way I'll know what to expect as I go through my round of appointments ;
Thanks manaman!Sue
Stat,


I remember that earthquake Sherrine! Like you, I thought my furnace was going to explode. My daughter and a friend had just left for afternoon kindergarten so I hightailed it up to the school, on foot (no way was I able to drive, I was shaking so bad), and the girls were just about



We had a small earhtquake when I lived in northern Quebec, adn I didn't even feel it.  I can't imagine the big ones, no thank you!


Now you know why I live in Michigan, at the meeting of two rivers where we don't have tornadoes touch down, have only had a mild shudder for an earthquake about


Hi guys. I haven't posted in a while. I came here when I was considering going to a doctor to see if I had fibro, because my other docs said nothing was wrong - you know the drill. The people on the forum encouraged me to go to the new doc and it really helped.Thanks guys and *hugs* to all.
Hi Rose,
Thanks for the replies guys. the skin burning is that it has always been my left leg, and always starts in the evening. Now I say always but it has only happened one really awful time, and 4 minor times. The really bad one it lasted all night, kept me up because I couldn't wear my pajamas and the sheets burned my skin. Lately it has just been my lower leg so I can wear shorts and deal with it. It burns less when nothing touches it. So I sit on the couch with my feet up and it is bearable. It hasn't stormed lately though.
Can anyone give me some info as what you feel and expierence with fibro and if you have swelling in your hands or feet with it??? My Neuro is refering me to a Rheum Dr because he believes I have some for of arthritis. I am having pain in my feet/toes, fingers, wrist, elbows, knees, legs, upper shoulders and in the back around my shoulder blades, some in my hips, arms are sore....I feel like Ive been beaten with a ball bat! But I am really suffering from my feet/toes hurting and swelling with little time on my feet. The ache really bad. Sometimes I get these jabbing pains like in my elbows, knees and fingers. Sharp pains like. I feel like Im 80 and im only a 44 F. I already suffer from depression/anxiety/PTSD
Do you mean arthritis in general or Fibro? Does fibro cause swelling&gt;
So you dont take any other drugs for anything for your fibro?
Hi all, it.  I feel like all I'll get is an eye roll and a quick dismissal from the office, and will be taken even less seriously in the future.  But it is driving me absolutely CRAZY to have this sound almost every time I take a step.  Help, please?
I worked almost a full day yesterday!!   
Good for you!  I'm glad to hear that you are doing better and getting back to working.  Kids are ard on the fog though, aren't they?  I can only take in one requset at a time, and when they all talk to me at once... oh!  I'll always remember when my oldest was about



Thanks Sherrine,Holly
Thanks Meggie.  I made it to my three afternoon appointments but got home to an irritable husband and child with zero food in the house.  I offered to watch Max and Ruby (what a dumb show) or read books on the bed but this apparently was unsatisfactory so I closed myself away with the computer which just made everyone mad.  They finally left for the grocery store but didn't bother to ask what I wanted or needed.  My son doesn't understand how sick I am and my husband is annoyed that I arrive home completely drained and I didn't stop at the store.  Anyway, I'm thankful I made it through another day and arrived safely.  I know I am too drowsy to drive and how dangerous it is and I do take precautions.  I pull off and walk around the car.  I sleep in parking lots--well not really sleep since I have incredible insomnia and it would take an hour and a half of resting before actually falling asleep but sometimes I just need my eyes closed.  They burn with that sleepy feeling all the time.  Provigil did not work for me, Chutz, btw, but ritalin works when I'm in a non-flair state.  Nothing is working right now but I think the days are getting better and I may be moving out of this relaspe into a more healthy state of just regular fibro.  I hope so.  I can't stand this and it is taking such a toll on my relationships.  My focus has been on making as many appointments as I can and not on nurturing my relationships so some might question my priorities.  However, if I don't work, I don't know who I am and we can't make the house payment.  My kid is forgiving and we'll have lots of time together on Saturday.  My husband, well, I simply don't have the energy to deal with him right now whether I work or stay home.  It sure would have been nice to be greeted with, &quot;Good job honey, three appointments today.  Good for you.  Look, I made dinner for us.&quot;  Yes, I have a rich fantasy life!Holly
My NP called last night, unfortunately I was at work so dh took the message.&nbsp; They want to get a CT scan of&nbsp;the head.&nbsp; I have another appointment in 2 weeks with the doctor. He has to ask me some questions to relay to the techs, and then the wait time for the tests, what will that be, a couple months?&nbsp; Ugh.&nbsp; If I was home, I would have asked him what they were looking for, now I have to wait to find out.&nbsp; I'm not worred though, but dh is.&nbsp; He is scared that they are looking for a tumour, funny guy.&nbsp; I think he has watched too much tv! lol
What a bummer.  Makes you want to smack that guy!  I had a CT scan.  I can't really remember but I think it ruled out a tumor and bleeding in the brain.  Something like that.  It wasn't a big deal except for the expense

I know, I'm very annoyed at this guy.  This is the second time that I've told him and that he has hurt me.  I'm chalking it up to ignorance, b/c really, he didn't mean to harm.  But I did have to tell the manager on duty (she was the one that was there last time too, and she also warned him then).  I'm also going to tell him next time we work together that if he ever touches me again, I will file a formal complaint.  I didn't want to bring this up last night b/c I wanted some time to cool off, and for him to realize that what he did was serious, that I'm not just talking int he heat of the moment.  I still hurt today.  At my last doctor's apointment, it took me 3 days to recover from his pressure tests.  I'm usually always stiff and sore, but I don't normally hurt. :(  And I have to work again tonight.
&nbsp;Does any have any ideas on how to regain my energy I use to be so active and now so tired and weight gain and so unhappy 
I'm dealing with this too.  The unrelenting fatigue is worse than anything else I deal with.  It's not 'tired' per se.  It's just a complete lack of energy.  It takes everything I've got to get out of bed, or off the couch.  The least little exertion has me struggling for days. :(  I haven't found a way around it either.  I've tried the vitamin route and noticed no difference after several months.  I don't have any answers; just wanted to let you know I know what you mean.

It's a double whammy. A challenge to even get up. I try to push through it, Fibromyalgia lays me so low some days. Then, by the time the pain relents, the body has atrophried and has to be brought up to a reasonable level. Then, by stretching and straining and trying to lead a &quot;normal&quot; life, I end up back in bed, barely able to move. I think I need an attitude adjustment.
Well, I can offer something to all of you that you can try and it will work for some and not for others. When I was dx with fibro I researched the heck out of it and found something that works for many of us. I take malic acid and extra magnesium. You can read about
I think I saw that somewhere Marlee, unless I dreamed it.  They said kick back on the couch and eat bonbons all day long.  LOL&gt;.......&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Hi Mountainlady and welcome-


Welcome, MT lady!  I'm also a newbie to the forum and also a newbie to fibro.  My biggest problem, like you, is the fatigue.  I just ordered malic acid from Puritan.com today and I'm hoping it will help me as it's helped some others on the forum.  I'll keep everyone updated after I've tried it for a while.  I also recently went to the library and got the book that you're talking about&nbsp;
For a long time I thought everyone had this problem, but when I said to people, that I just shaved my legs so it will feel like red ants are crawling all over them biting for about 30&nbsp; minutes, they just look at me funny.&nbsp; Sometimes, just a shower will do it.&nbsp; I stopped using soap on arms and legs a couple of years ago.&nbsp; But some days, even just a shower without shaving can cause the same thing.&nbsp; 
Some pain medications can cause the same thing.  The itching I mean.  I take norco and it will cause me to itch all over sometimes.  Other than that, fibro seems to cause allergies in people to come out.  Maybe you have an allergy to something.  Do you get a rash of any sort?&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
Your water is too hot :) Lower the temp a bit and see if that helps.
Oh .....now I know what is happening to me ...even my internist did not know. There is a rash on my legs and on my sides. Sometimes it itches terribly and like now I do not know it is there. I am using a brush to get the dry skin off and very gentle soap. I have been turning the temp but my skin seems so sensitive to heat....living in FL does not help.Sunny Dottie


i used to have that problem a LOT!!!   but not so much anymore. i'm glad i'm not the only one who had that.. now i don't feel like such a freak!! lol

Hey Karen- you posted some very important thoughts and feelings and I am glad you did. You expressed some extremely important issues in your life and I would like to comment, if thats ok. I am not a counselor, but I am a social worker and I know from my experiences that you are on the very edge of a sane and joyful life, because you are being assertive in your posts about


i started that drug at 300mg 3x a day i didn't have a prob but now since that isn't enough i'm on 900 mg 3x a day but that isn't working either , it made me&nbsp; a little dizzy but it went away i hope you are ok 



Gabapentin is one hell of a drug.  The problem is that a truly effective dosage is likely in the 900 range.  But you cannot take that large of a dosage because it will give you brutal side effects.  Even the smallest  will give you side effects just like you experienced.  Gabapentin takes 1-2 months to be truly effective because that is how long it takes to completely ramp up your dosage.
Hello,

Thanks for your reply.&nbsp; I really don't think I have many other symptoms.&nbsp; The back pain is in the upper middle back.&nbsp; Sometimes my shins hurt like I have been running hard, but it is just basic joint pain I guess.&nbsp; I just don't know.&nbsp; I just wish I understood it more.&nbsp; I left the hospital early so I will not get all of the results til sat.&nbsp; I can't stand being in the hospital, especially when very few speak English.&nbsp; Oh well, we will see.&nbsp; I just got to work and am going to try to put it all in the back of my head to get through the day.&nbsp; I can't afford to miss work.&nbsp; Thanks again
Hi Mr. T!
I don't know if I have been tested for RA.&nbsp; What is it and how do they test for it?&nbsp; I do not think that we have a rheumatologist around here, but I guess I have never really looked for one.&nbsp; Thanks for the info.&nbsp; I see the nuerologist on Wednesday so i can ask some questions then as best as I can with the language barrier.


as you get to see the docs ect, let me know how it goes.&nbsp; Its so terrible at the start, just to get the ball rolling.&nbsp; suez2

Hi all...
Chutz-&nbsp;
Have fun.  We will watch your chickens!Sue
Hope you have a fantastic weekend Chutz!!  Enjoy the beach :D
Hey Chutz did you get to see the lunar eclipse from the beach? I heard it was only visible from the North. Hope you had a wonderful time!
Hi everyone,  Help!
Hi Cathy,&nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia
Thanks Marlee and Karen,   I'll try to deep breath and relax,  if I can quit screaming and running first.  ;)


A little background and info on the pharmacology of these meds might help you understand and appreciate their use.  Although the meds prescribed for fibro have been classed as antidepressants the correct term for them is Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors or SSRI's. Because we burn through serotonin at a much faster rate than normals we need this type of med to help us hang on to all the serotonin we make. 



Oh yes.......carbs are my middle name!  (Actually its &quot;Chocolate&quot;, but carbs will do). hahaha
In the past week, I noticed an increase in my neck and shoulder pain and saw my pcp yesterday. She examined me and said the muscles are as tight as a drum and diagnosed myofascitis (sp?). She wants me to start taking Lyrica (in addition to physical therapy), 50 mg 3 times a day, as a 2 week trial.



Yes, it makes me tired too and makes my sister tired.  I don't take it anymore, but we found that if we take it at night instead of the morning, that helps.  Sue

 
this is weird, right? of course, we fibromyalgics have pains in weird places.......just recently, i have had some more intense headaches....i was feeling around on my skull looking for the &quot;sore&quot; spots to massage and i found that the crown of my skull is extremely sensitive and sore....ugh. i hate finding these places....it's like i cannot stop touching them thinking how much it hurts??? i blame that on the ocd....anyone else????
HI,Donnaeil

i am afraid to massage them because i always go overboard and make them worse....maybe a warm compress?? i think i'll try that...

irishbabe- i have had that strange ponytail pain too....i cannot even wear a hat....i always get a migraine when i do....bleh.
Me too.  Some days brushing my hair across the top of my head hurts so bad!  Also I get those headaches that feel like a band around your head.  Wow, where doesn't it hurt sometimes? Maybe our ear lobes?...lol
Question about pain My shoulder will hurt then the next thing I know it will be in my arm. then that will stop and go to my hip or wherever. sometimes it doesnt go away just starts hurting some where else. Does any one else have the traveling pain.


I do believe that fibromyalgia likes to travel around throughout our bodies.  I too have experienced the traveling pain.  It is a bummer I know, but nothing unusual.  &nbsp; Moderator-Depression and fibromyalgia

Oh yes I have travelling pain.&nbsp; I will get this incredible isolated pain in let's say my middle finger and then in 5 minutes it's gone and then it will be the same pain in my left knee or right elbow or pinky toe.
For quite a while I've been exhausted. Every time I have a test done it's been okay.  this morning to see if that helped but now I'm thinking I need to go in to my next visits really falling apart (and in pain) so maybe they can catch something?
Hi JustTina, and welcome!  I do hope you find answers to your problems soon.  There really is nothing worse than knowing somehtign is wrong and noone seems to take you seriously, or they can't help you.  I am another that takes the malic acid, and it has been a lifesaver for me.  It has helped with the fatigue and all over bone weary aching feeling that I can't cope with.

hi tina, ~danielle
I'm not sure if this is an OK topic for the forum (sorry mods if it isn't) but I've been having some, erm, &quot;woman problems.&quot;  I recently started trying (please note the deliberate word choice here) to have sex with my boyfriend of 3 years.  Yes, he wins the Patience Award.  The thing is, I get this awful burning/chafing/stinging feeling whenever we try.  It's pretty localized to the area around the  this, as you can probably tell from the angsty cynicism of my post (I'm 23 years old and can't have sex??? Like, ever??? fibro, haven't you screwed me over enough???) and have absolutely no idea what to do.  I would really appreciate any advice/information/whatever that people are comfortable sharing. Thanks!

Yes, good idea Marlee and yes I agree, don't you give up!!Moderator Chronic Pain
pantaleon,


Hey there. Ive been diagnosed and can offer a lot of advice if needed.

Thanks Sherrine.  I was also just diagnosed with vitamin D deficiency and high cholesterol.  I am taking weekly vitamin D for 12 weeks and then will switch to daily.  Can't remember the dosage.  Sue

Very interesting Sherrine....Thanks for that information.  I had my Vit D level checked in Dec and he said he was very pleasantly surprised that is was high, since I have osteoporosis.  I guess eating fortified cereal twice a day and drinking tons of milk has helped.  He didnt even recommend a supplement.  Geeez, I actually got good news for a change  LOL   Thanks for sharing
I am deficient in Vitamin D.  I take 4,000 IU (D3) a day.  When my doc (ob/gyn) checked it back in December, I was awfully low.  She started me on 500000 IU once a week for 8 weeks, then back in for another blood test to check my level.  
I am also Vit D deficient.&nbsp;I had it checked 3 months ago and was low.&nbsp; He ut me on 50000 IU once a week for 4 weeks.&nbsp; Had it rechecked in 2 months and was lower than what I was initially&nbsp; (from 25 to 22)&nbsp; He again has put me on the 50000 IU&nbsp; once a week but this time for 6 weeks and I will have it checked again then.&nbsp; I do notice a difference about&nbsp; 2 weeks after quitting the pain and fatigue was back.&nbsp; Hopefully this will bring it up for good.

Last Apr. mine was checked and it was 9.&nbsp; It was a record low for my clinic.&nbsp; I'm been taking 2000 or 3000 IU daily.&nbsp; I think last time it was checked it was around 55.
Almost everybody is deficient in Vitamin D. Only a small amout of the world's population can get enough through sunlight. Donaneil

Good topic Sherrine- I have never had a Vit. D level done and my Dr. ordered one a couple weeks ago. Mine was 25.&nbsp;She put me on 50,000IU once a week for 12 weeks. It will be interesting to see if it helps the pain and fatigue. I have taken two doses now. 
Bumping for our new member Drowsy!



Well sorry to say, this isn't a success story. I have been taking...are you ready for this??  150,000 units once a week and my D level is still at 20, which is just too low. On Monday, I will be having a colonscopy and endoscopy, with tissue samplings, to see if they can find out why I am not absorbing the D. Wish me luck! :)

Thanks Pattil, you are so sweet! And no need to be chicken about

I read a study published in Medscape that said for every 1ng you are low you need 100 units of D.  For my level of 18 I needed 4000 units a day (in winter, and on top of what I already was taking in calcium, etc) to get to 58, or normal.
Hi Everyone 
Yes, Donna! Just like a bee sting. Couldn't think of that word-big shock. lol
Sue,
I just had this happen last night on my big toe, then my index finger. Just out of nowhere -- bam! something just stabbed my toe and the pain lasted maybe five seconds. Maybe two minutes later, Bam! happened again. Then it didnt happen again the rest of the night. Stupid fibro.
LOL... Lori!! I get 'em in the bum too.. but didn't know what word would be appropraite!! Thank you for putting it so well.. and I totally agree with your closing line!!!!! 
Odd that you have this here, I thought I was alone!  It feels like I'm getting bit by a fire ant, but there's nothing there!  I also get sensations at times like cobwebs are on me.
The first time that feeling happened to me, I was riding in the car sitting next to one of my sisters and I thought she kept poking me with a pin to be funny. &quot;Cut that out!&quot; I kept telling her.  Now I know why she thought I was crazy. :)


I get this too. I thought I was crazy. I happens in random spots all over my body. It feels like tiny pin pricks or bug bits. Being brushed by a spider web is also a good descript it.
Scalp, hands, feet, thighs and back. I have backscratchers in every room because it will itch after the pinprick feeling. I also get LOT of goosebumps lately!
OMG,
Not only do I get the pin-prick feeling a lot (mostly in my hands and arms), but I also get shocked a lot when touching something metal. The first few times it happened I figured maybe it was because I had been walking across a carpet and built up static electricity, or perhaps my hands were wet. But I started taking notice, and realized it was just randomly happening, no matter what. I have learned to be wary around metallic stuff, and just adapted to getting shock therapy every day, lol!
Itching and pin point electric shocks experienced mainly on hands, feet, legs, thighs - extremities. Itchy eyes. It feels to me as though the hair follicles are drying out and that causes the itching...but why the shocks?

I had the same sensation and turned out I had low levels of vitamin D. Seems my nerves are irritated due to a metabolic imbalance. They put me on 2000 IU of vitamin D and my symptoms are going away. Also, don't see a dermatologists have your doctor refer you to a neurologist. It is not the skin, but the nerve endings.God bless
I get that bee sting feeling in my fingers. The area tends to get deep red and swells...and 15 minutes later it's gone.  I call it the &quot;ice pick&quot;. Glad to know I'm not alone, yet sorry you all put up with it, too.
I don't know if this is the same thing or not, but when I lie down for a while, like when I am asleep at night, I wake up and my feet feel all prickly and almost a little numb. I don't sleep in any weird positions, and this happens when I sit for too long as well.
Yes,  I have the same thing going on... It just started a few weeks ago and the Doc checked it out and could not find nothing wrong.  Its like getting pinched with finger nails on  Abdominal area and it just happens when randomly.   I totally understand.....
I get the same bee sting, but mine is in the exact same place (behind my knee) every time and happens when my back is acting up. I have always assumed it was from a nerve in my back. I wonder if Vit B would help those that have it in the extremities - is it B6 that helps nerves? Can't remember, I think my pain meds are kicking in and I can try to go back to bed! :)
I too think its a nerve ending thing.&nbsp; I've only had these electric nerve shocks a couple of times.&nbsp; Last night I woke up out of a sound sleep with a sharp shocky type nerve going wacko between my big toe and the next one!&nbsp; Shot me right up out of bed!&nbsp; It just kept zapping me like an electric fence which makes me think its a nerve ending thing.&nbsp; After zapping me for a few minutes then it got itchy!&nbsp; What fun!&nbsp; 

I am new to being diagnosed and I have these same sensations. Mine have come on with a vengence when I am trying to sleep. So ontop of my body not going into deep sleep, I am slapping, itching and trying to wiggle away the fire ant type pains randomly moving all over my body. 
To start, I apologize if what I say isn't as clear and concise as it could be ( brain fog.) I am not a Dr. and anything I say is -- Question everything. --
I agree with Mel5 abiut the vitamin D BUT if you have it in your feet like I do it could be nerve damage.  For years I've complained aboutFibromyalgia diagnosed 1998, GERD diagnosed 2005, Morton's Neuroma diagnosed in both feet 2011 (symptoms 8 yrs)
I have been getting lots of weird sensations lately:  stinging/burning pain (not sure how to describe it) mainly in my feet but occasionly in hands/finger and calves
For those of u that get the stabbing electrical type painin ur feet hands arms or legs, makeTill the BITE!  😬
Alright, I dont have ground breaking news...yet!...But I am still more optimistic 1 week into Savella than I was on Cymbalta or Lyrica (both did nothing for me).
LOL I know! I must be a little desperate to be still taking this drug! Im pretty fearful of when I have to increase the dose. Will I be able to stand up from all the dizziness??
Week one for me. Also just joined and first post. Any advice?
My ex mother in law (who prefers me over her son's new wife &lt;shrug&gt;) told me about a friend of a friend using a horse liniment to ease fibro pain.  I went to the Tractor Supply store today and bought one.  It's called Absorbine gel.  I learned online that the name brand Absorbine Jr. is the human version of this equine liniment.  It has a spearmint scent so I don't smell like I've bathed in Ben-Gay (I just smell like a stick of gum).  The initial heat from application is pretty intense, but I'm noticing, after two applications, that it does seem to be easing some of the muscle pain.  It penetrates deep into the muscles.  I also put it on my shoulder with the torn rotator cuff and the joints that hurt.  I haven't used it long, but so far, I like it.  (Fingers crossed that this will ease the pain of the flare.)  I decided to go with what is essentially Absorbine Sr. because it's stronger than the one meant for people.
HeyTake Care
Hi all...
Hello, I am new here. I am so happy I found this site and this thread. I have been sick for 3 years. Only my Family Doctor has diagnosed me and finally I go to a specialist on Decemeber 23rd. My symtoms have severely taken off and I'm a mess. I just hope that the new doctor can do more then just pain pills. I would love for some of the symptoms to go away.
Hi, Yes they have ran many test. I have even had an MRI of my brain because I have head pressure and pain. I have Lupus in my family so they test me every year for that, but is always a no. I have had a stress test because of chest pain. Of course again NOTHING! Today actually they just added Cymbalta. So I pray that helps out. Yes I will read all I can here. I am currently working on a list for the new doctor.
Thank you, Sherrine, for your gracious welcome! You have really sparked my curiosity by telling me aboutCBee



Fibro 101 is now in TWO parts.  It's divided between part 13 and 14 so be sure to continue to scan down to see all the goodies in this thread.  
I have really started to notice in the past month that I've had trouble 
Tammy, I noticed that you have degenerative joint disease in your knees, that sounds like


Not only can I not open jars, it also hurts just to touch things.  It seems like they are getting worse to me also.  Doc says it's the fibro.
My hands drive me crazy there is nothing wrong except the fms, it is just a side effect from that the doctros tell me. I f I am shopping and no one is with me I ask where I buy my water from if they will   
Yup.. I have major problems opening anything.&nbsp; Unfortunately hubby has a hand injury that partially paralyzed his right hand (and he's right handed).&nbsp; So we have all of&nbsp;those things that Sherrine mentioned.&nbsp; They help a lot!!!&nbsp; I too have had problems with carpal tunnel... but since I'm no longer a hairdresser its much better.&nbsp; Can't do anything repetitive though.&nbsp; My hands have gotten very weak over the years and I don't have arthritis either.
Wow, I'm sure glad you asked this question, Tammy!! I too have miserable hand issues and it's hard to tell what's winning the race to total destruction of my hands...the fibro or the osteoarthritis.  lol....

Hi Sotired and welcome to the 'family'!
I am sorry, Sotired, that you have to deal with the double whammy of fibro and your husband with MS.  Hope you keep posting when you can, and good luck with everything.&nbsp; Achey&nbsp;
Hi Sotired, and welcome.  This is a great board with wonderful people, and I hope you visit often.
Hi there and welcome to our family. I too am so sorry it is pain that brought you here but this is a wonderful place to be for support and information. I hope you stick around! Take care.
Hi Sotiredofibro, welcome to our fibro family! You will find alot of friendly fibromites here

Thank you all for the warm greetings. Will post when I can and it will be nice to make new friends. I dont leave the house often and the internet is pretty much my link to the outside world.Shirley
 dx: Fibromyalgia, Chronic Fatigue, Depression/Anxiety, Myofacial Pain, Post Tramatic Stress Disorder, IBS
Thanks Donna - I didn't even think aboutdx: Fibromyalgia, Chronic Fatigue, Depression/Anxiety, Myofacial Pain, Post Tramatic Stress Disorder, IBS

Hi Ema,Nana Monster
I found a terrific product I use daily.  I do not know if it is available nation-wide, but if you like to take a hot bath, look for it.  I live south of Richmond, Virginia.Dr. Teal's Bath Salts are great!  They also make bubble bath, but the salts are labeled as therapeutic, good for aches and sprains.  They come in Lavender for sleep, an Oatmeal for soothing, and Eucalyptus for relaxation.
I have read Fibro 101 and many posts. I have a question: How many of you have experienced tendonitis all over? i am dealing with tendonitis in my: achilles, elbows, rotator cuff, and knees! I went to the doctor who originally diagnosed me with Fibro, and he said: "Uh oh, that does not sound like fibro. Then he sent me for an EMG." Anyway, I am awaiting the results. Any of you have LOTS of tendonitis? If so, what helps? Thanks as usual...this board has been a lifesaver!
I also have hypermobility of the knees and wrists. I can throw a knee or wrist out fairly easily if i am in a fibro flare. After doing a lot of digging around with search engines online I found that it is just another one of the many myriad symptoms of fibro and since fibro has a spectrum of symptoms not every one has every symptom. My mother was diagnosed with tendinitis by a family doctor who had no knowledge of fibro when her hands began to painfully buzz 24/7. For the last 20 years of her life she had the numb hands and no relief from the pain. She never saw a Rheumatologist. It makes sense to me that fibro and a type of tendinitis would both occur in ones body. It will be interesting to hear what your tests show.Fibro, CFS, lifetime wheat allergy, possible Sleep Apnea (no formal diagnosis), HBP
HI ALL,
Do any of you get to the point that you have to take things off.
yes, me too. As soon as I get off work I want to go right home and get the clothes off. Its my hair first. It hangs around my face so by the end of the day it gets pulled back and I threaten to have it all chopped off.(hubby gets really mad when I say that but he's bald so he has no clue) Then its the long pants, knee highs and dress shoes that I have to wear for work. As soon as I get home I change into loose fitting capris with sandals and a tee. Wish I could take off the bra but the &quot;girls&quot; are just too big for that. Cancer survivor

OMG, I thought I was a freak because I am the same, I seldom wear a bra and most clothing bothers me. My hair has been driving me crazy, so today I went and had it all cut off (maybe I will wear a scarf so hubby doesn't have a heart attack). Don't get me started on what I can't wear because the list is too long.Insulin Dependant Diabetic, Fibromyalgia, Gerd, IBS, Sleep Apnea, COPD, Spondylolistesis, Diabetic Neuropathy, Fatty Liver, High Cholesterol
I have been having this more and more lately, especially with the bras! I get a chest pain that sits right between my breasts and bras make it excruciating at the end of the day. I change in to pjs or sweatpants as soon as I get home. My job right now is pretty casual (can't wear anything too nice with the dogs around) so I wear a lot of jeans and sweatshirts, but the jeans get very restrictive, especially as I gain weight with all this.  an hour. My shoulders were killing me, even though it wasn't heavy and had a long, wide strap, to help disperse the weight. So frustrating!
Deb, have you tried stepping into your sports bra?&nbsp; I saw that on tv &amp; tried it.&nbsp; It wasn't easy with my broad hips, but worked &amp; was a lot easier than over my head.  
I hate BRAS I really hate them, it mush of been a man who thought up the idea.
So, I'm new here, and I have not been diagnosed with any of the diseases or conditions that other here have mentioned. The problem is, I can't stand clothes.The older I get, the worse this problem seems to be. If I had my way, I'd wear a long, loose dress that hangs from my shoulders 24/7.
Just wondering if anyone else ever feels weak and jittery, and is this a common symptom?  I don't really know how to describe this except it feels like hypoglycemia, but my I have checked my blood sugar during these periods of time where I feel this way.This usually happens as the day progresses and it's almost an every day thing.
If reactive hypoglycemia is the culprit you can avoid it by not eating a sugary breakfast or any high sugar meal after many hours of fasting. It is best to eat protein at every meal especially breakfast. If you eat and aboutCancer survivor
Has anyone used propranolol for tremors or any other medications for them. I was just prescribed this and wondering if it is a good one or if there are any side effects or anything i need to know. Thank you very much for all of your help. I really appreciate this.Diagnosed with Fibromyalgia and tremors in 2011
I figured I would ask those with the knowledge.Does any of this sound familiar or should I cross off fibro off of my list?
I went to the rheumy yesterday just for the usual 4 month follow up, get my Rx, and I mentioned to him the pain I'm having in the middle of the night, when I turn over, which I attributed to sciatica -- I have degenerative disk disease at several levels, lumbar region. He tells me it is most likely NOT sciatica because sciatica is caused by activity and merely turning over in bed is not activity. He said it is facet joint pain caused by the DDD/arthritis. This is new to me. He said it can be treated by exercises, either with physical therapy or just Google it and do them at home, and possibly getting facet joint injections. He said there is a lot less steroid med in the facet joint injections than epidurals. Just wondering if anyone here has experience with this? What worked for you? I'd love to get rid of this pain. It can be exquisitely painful at times.
Miriam, I know what you mean!  The pain can become unbearable.  I have suffered with that a lot lately - my facet joint has popped in and out rendering me disabled for several days.  After trying a host of things the only thing that works for me are chiro adjustments (only if it is actually out) and gentle massage.  Oh, and stretches.  Pain keeps me up and awake much of the night most nights so I normally run on very little sleep.  It drives me to get up and walk around - it's hard to leave a cozy bed and husband when it is cold out to walk around!  Insomnia forever but worse the past few years due to pain and discomfort.
Thanks everyone. Sherrine, I did Google facet joint pain and came up with the website you suggested. They lean toward surgical procedures or injections. I was just wondering if anyone here has had any luck with anything else. I've never heard of Sombra gel...is this something new? Have you been using it for any length of time. I did Google it and it seems to be all natural, which I am all in favor of.
I've had the facet joint injections about an hour after they were done.  My opinion is that they are helpful if you are having shooting pain into your buttocks or legs.  The problem is that the injections don't usually last more than eight months.
Just wanted to know what kind of problems some have had going off of gabapentin. I went off it about 4 days ago and allow weekend I have been itching like crazy and going to the bathroom lots. I can't figure out if it from my new wool coat or going off of gabapentin. After I scratch then I get welts and hives. Any ideas?
Thanks to you both. Sure hope this all goes away soon. My tummy is in turmoil and the itching is no fun.
I have been having problems with numbness, tingling and pins-and-needles sensation, burning feeling, and then feeling like a hot poker is being thrust into the outside of my left thigh.  It got so bad at Christmas I had to stop several times while I was cooking and rest until some of the symptoms went away.  I had an EMG in December, and as I entered the room and told the doctor my symptoms, he remarked that it was most likely meralgia paresthetica and that mostly overweight people got it and it was caused by wearing clothes that are too tight and it's caused by the pinching of a nerve in the groin.  At that time I knew he was dismissing me.  I let him know that I do not wear tight clothes.  He really made me mad the way he dismissed me.  I don't think he did an extensive test on me (of course, I can't prove it), but the results of what he did show that I don't have any nerve damage.  So, I'm left with the meralgia paresthetica diagnosis and nothing will be done aboutThanks.
I have so much tingling, numbing, burning pain that right now my head, neck, back, right leg and foot are all doing their thing and I hate it.  It scares me and worries me.
Well, since you can't post on here if you have something to sell, I'll have to look up the book and see if it works.  I don't have the money to buy it right now, though.
I have had pain in the out side of my left thigh for a bit now..but have to go to an orthopedic because they think it more related to a pinched nerve in my back.  But I can only lay on my left side to sleep...so I think that has a lot to do with it also... if I lay on my back or right side it is extremely painful, and makes me sick..Me~ &quot;NO, you don't understand, an ostomy bag is a bag of crap you deal with. Life altering is not being alive to be with my family&quot;
I know that tinnitus can come along with Fibro, but does anyone else  have hearing loss that seems to fluctuate? The hearing loss is always present, but sometimes one ear gets worse temporarily -- or rarely, better. I can tell by how loud my white noise is when going to bed. (I never adjust the volume.)Really would like to hear from others who have hearing loss and tinnitus.
Hi Donna,Is yours in the low range then?

I have the hearing loss too.. had extensive testing done and the conclusion was it being due to 39% nerve deficit in one ear. My major problems are with low range of sound. I cannot hear the phone either, cell phones, etc... I too read lips as much as I can. But am sensitive to too high volumes too. My family gets very frustrated with me. I have the tinnitus also. When I saw an ENT dr, he gave me an article to read on the timing of tinnitus/hearing loss and low estrogen/menopausal symptoms. Since I'm in surgical menopause, I have seen a correlation. When my estrogen levels are too low, the tinnitus is way worse. As is insomnia, joint pain, etc.
i have tinnitis and 40% hearing loss in right ear.Hep C ....fibro, rhumatoidal,depression,
I thought I was crazy thinking all these meds were making me sick.  I am convinced absolutely convinced that fibro has made me sensitive to any med, even supplements...  Anyone else have this and if so how do you cope are there some things you can take??  Of course all the docs want to throw pills at me and I have tried to tell them I really thing these make me worse....  and they won't listen...

OMG  I just had a severe reaction to a muscle relaxant.   I keep having reactions to very simple drugs.  I thought it might be my age (52), but I amnot sure anymore.
I have noticed that if I laugh really hard for awhile I will start to feel bad and my muscles in my face and neck hurt. Does anyone else have this problem? It's only if I continue to laugh hard and if I keep doing it. Stinks. I guess it's because its tension on the muscles? I was having a good time playing scrabble with my family and we were laughing alot then after awhile I started to feel bad and the muscle pains started. Can't even have a good time without paying for it. 
ak angel,  getting sick while looking in the mirror to long while styling hair. Anyway I told my MD and he said that it was the ruptured disk in my neck causing the problem. I asked him why did it then make me sick, and he said he did't know. I don't believe it. I think it overworking the eye muscles and neck muscles that caused my flare. I'm really starting to give up on docs....I know my body and what it feels like, they don't.
Klambert, if I laugh too hard or too long, sometimes it will send me into an asthma attack!  I love a good laugh, so when I feel my chest start to tighten, I just try to keep the laughter but tone it down a bit.  It's so crazy what these weird bodies of ours do.  

I had a case of the shingles at the beginning of May.  I did not have a rash, I have had shingles before and no rash either.  Last time I got over the shingles in aboutThanks.
Snowbunny21, thank you for the suggestions!  It is the fatigue that is most troubling, but I still have &quot;flares&quot;, I guess you could call them, of the severe nerve pain in the exact same area as my shingles yet the dr says I am &quot;over&quot; the shingles.  I am now not sure if it actually is nerve pain or what it is.  I get a deep ache that starts in my back, right where my kidney is on my right side.  I have had my kidney and everything check with a CT Scan and all organs ok.  Once the deep ache starts it then travels around my side to my belly button.  The deep ache in my back is constant and then a deep ache near where my gallbladder was is also constant, but I get sharp intermittent pain along my side in between.  I am also tender to the touch in my back and gallbladder area when this happens. Again, thank you so much for the tips.
When i get&nbsp; a flare up, at times my whole body or at least parts of it seem to be locked up, like its hard to move.
Hi everyone!Thanks!
Thanks for the responses everyone! I hated the nerve tests.. ugh. Felt like my arms were being shocked off. Frankey, your story sounds similar to me. I'm in my early 20's and having the symptoms in my arms. Xrays of everything.. haven't seen anything. Two rounds of physical therapy, one month each, 3 times a week. Held off on the MRI for now, but I'm assuming that's next. Lots & lots of blood work. My poor arm is still black & blue! They haven't done the pressure test yet, but I have an appointment with my doctor coming up.
Ok, so not happy right now... Me~ &quot;NO, you don't understand, an ostomy bag is a bag of crap you deal with. Life altering is not being alive to be with my family&quot;
This is a strange one...Diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in March and now looking for friends to help me in my fibro journey :o)
Thanks Sherrine,Diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in March and now looking for friends to help me in my fibro journey :o)
Hello, I would definitely go to a doctor about this. The neck really is no joke and self techniques can be dangerous. The hard bumps in your neck are probably your spinous processes which are bones and they can feel tender when you touch them if your neck is in dysfunction. You probably do have knots or trigger points in your neck too but massaging them will only temporarily make you feel better. It will not solve the problem. They are caused by either an imbalance in the muscles or because the bones in your neck are either too stiff, or move too much. Your muscle then kind of clenches up to protect that spinal segment creating a big ball of tension, or the trigger points. You can massage them away for a day, but because your muscles will want to keep guarding the segment, the ball of tension will keep returning. My best advice is to go to your general practitioner and describe the clunk in detail because it sounds like something that could potentially be serious. At the very least, go see a Physical Therapist. They are equipped to handle a situation like this.
Been awhile since I have posted here. Life  really makes it's mark on you, doesn't it?  I have had 2 emg's over the last 20 yrs....both stopped because of excruciating pain, equal to what I would imagine happens in the electric chair. I am not one to exaggerate, and thus my anger at what is ahead. Sorry for venting...I get very upset, and at times depressed when I look to those who have years of medical training for answers to conditions that they don't understand.  Tired of being in pain, especially when I have handled it so well for so many years.
Hub and I moved here eleven years ago, and my sporadic symptoms with no name became worse within the first year.   At first, they told me I had MS and for seven years, I believed this as well.   Unfortunately, I never got any other lesions, and the Criteria for diagnosing MS changed, and so it was decided I had questionable MS.  ( still hold this diagnosis) Long story short, I was finally diagnosed ( firmly- by two docs) with Fibro.  Some people still think I have MS.  When I told my sister I had fibro, she said..  Oh.. that's the rich winy women's disease.  Really she did.   I just figured it's easier than explaining what fibro is, and seriously who da heck really needs to know what I have.. 
It's official... I have done enough trial and error, journaling, gradual dosage changes over time... I always suspected that it made me worse... but now I see for sure that magnesium certainly DOES make my body hurt severely! (My pain is always off the charts, but magnesium seems to SOMEHOW make it feel even worse, just when I didn't think it was possible to feel any worse)!!!&quot;You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you&quot; Mary Tyler Moore
Do many of you have real lumpy texture under your skin? My upper arms are just full of lumps and bumps. I also think I feel a really big bump above my knee. I think it's lumpy muscles. When I rub my upper arms at these bumps, it starts to itch. Very odd. I am afraid I am at the end of the line for antidepressants working for me. I've had such bad side effects and now I have tremors in my legs. Going back to my doctor this week. It's so hard to have something that lasts so long and won't go away. Bad days of flares are really bad and I live in the southeast where it rains A LOT, so I feel worse when it rains. I want to go live in the desert. Positive ANA speckled pattern 1:180, high sed r
Never heard of this disease. Glad you are better though. Positive ANA speckled pattern 1:180, high sed r
 
Hello,
Pick them up and throw them right back at them! :))
I'm originally from Japan and currently live in Japan again after having lived in the Southern and Midwestern U.S., Northeast of England, Southern Germany. Honestly, I don't know where I was the most comfortable living health-wise, but Japan is definitely making me feel worse. If there is a country or any particular area of a country that is fibro friendly in all aspects, I would love to relocate from Japan. Any thoughts?
Hi, Everyone,Depression, Anxiety, Fibromyalgia, Chronic Migraines
Hey all,I just started it and Contrave last week and day one I felt 90 % better, day 2 I felt completely cured, Best I've felt in 3 years, don't know if it's the Contrave or the pridgen protocol or the combo, or maybe I'm just having a good couple weeks, hate to get too excited and then b let down again...
A few years ago, I wanted to try compression socks to see if they'd help my feet and legs feel better. Tell the storm how big your God is.&quot;
I hope this gets the attention of someone with some good advice. Lizzy
Does anyone have unexplained weight loss with fibro? I've lost 30 lbs. unintentionally and unable to gain anything back. I've been scoped from both ends, and had a CT scan and nothing. I feel like this disease has ruined my once enjoyable life. So depressed from all these symptoms.  I've had pain in my face, vaginal and genital pain, stabbing, burning pain all over, chronic fatigue, headaches, nausea that can come on suddenly, chronic constipation,  you name it.  I remember years ago with a flare, my legs felt like they were severely sunburned, weird and scary stuff that make me wish I could just go back to feeling normal like I used to. I remember once getting stabbing in my waist and was admitted to hospital for nausea so severe that nothing that they gave me helped, not even a drug they give chemotherapy patients.  I'm on lyrica, elavil and propranolol. Had to buy new pants because all mine were like hanging on me. My arms are so bony looking. I saw a surgeon to get my thyroid out. He says it really should be removed as it's quite enlarged and also because my brother had thyroid cancer that that is another reason mine should come out.  He wants to give me a PET test, radioactive test to see if there is cancer somewhere in my body. I believe this is a waste of time, it's fibro doing this to me. I can be suffering with all these strange symptoms and all my tests so far have come out negative. I feel like I'm tired of living with all this.  Sorry for all this info, but I just need someone to talk to.
So....it was a super stressful week..Stress is really not good for chronic pain issues 😊
I was officially diagnosed aboutMy question is do any of you get tight squeezing in your arms, as if plastic wrap is wrapped around them? That's the only way I can think to describe it.
Hello,I'm a new poster here so bear with me. I was diagnosed with with Fibromyalgia almost 2 years ago but I know I have had it a lot longer. Recently due to other symptoms I had lab work done and SED RATE was high 65 back in July and 111 currently and my CRP was 2.90 in July as well, that one wasn't retest. My question is has anyone else experienced such high levels of either lab with their Fibromyalgia or could it be something else. I have been Referred to a Rheumatologist but that in another 3 weeks.
After a long time of suffering and only taking OCD aboutThanks so much!
I has serotonin syndrome for  6 months aboutThis disease is hard enough but this just breaks me every time
I was told that I don't have Fibro. When I saw the Rheumy a month ago, she did a thorough exam, & ordered bloodwork. The bloodwork came back completely normal.Any and all comments would of course be welcomed! Thanks in advance!!!
Wow, our forum is quiet lately..Lj
 
I have been to gp several times for pain all over my body.drs did blood tests that came back all clear.i have had trouble sleeping for months, light disturbed sleep at night and waking up tired every day.i wake up in pain every morning and its constant all day.  Drs put me on some amitryptiline for a few weeks to see if that helped. But pain didnt improve at all. It is interfereing with my daily life. I returned to drs todsy and went over all the symptoms again. They have put on my file ? Fibromyalgia and prescibed me duloxetine 20mg twice a day. Am after advice please.
I haven’t been on in a while because I basically gave up on ever feeling even slightly better again. I’ve had Fibro for aboution. Aside from that, I’ve been trying to eat healthy, keep my stress levels down, exercise every day (yes I know how crazy that sounds) and do yoga/meditate. The good days are far more frequent and the bad days are much easier to handle. ✌️ Good Luck!
Hi.i am 31 years old. Have had constant pain all over my body for months,muscles aches and joints hurt.i wake up all stiff abd have pains in my feet.i am always tired and my sleep is very on and off.i am always tired and generally exhausted.Any advice please.
Hey yall,LBJ
Yesterday, just randomly...Lj
I don't post on here very often, but I do try to check in and read up every few weeks or so.  I fell a little over 8 weeks ago and fractured two bones in my foot and had a possible fracture in my elbow.  I have since had an MRI and a CT Scan of my elbow, because I do not seem to be healing well.  I am also going through physical therapy.  Both the MRI and CT Scan are showing abnormalities in my humerus.  I also have a slightly elevated alk phos level.  My doctor is trying to get my health insurance to approve a bone scan to rule out Paget's Disease.  I have Fibromyalgia, but this pain is completely different.Gabapentin/ Zoloft / Topamax / D3 / Buspirone / Bentyl / Restoril / Flexeril / Calcium / Turmeric
Hello all, hoping you are all doing okay.Would love to hear from you. Thanks, tuffymason
Most days I can get 2-3 errands done but today I am wiped out and I was wiped out yesterday.  The weather is changing here in Wisconsin.  I always have trouble when that happens. I am supposed to go to warm water exercises today but can't muster up the energy to even get ready.  Barb
Hello my Fibro friends, I've been away for a very long time. I'm just &quot;stopping in&quot; to say hi and see how you are all doing?  I posted tonight in the chronic pain forum. I had surgery 11 mo ago, lumbar laminectomy and fusion and have been suffering with severe nerve pain ever since, actually worse than before surgery.  I'm hoping someone on that site may have an answer to a question I posted.  I've had fibro for over 30 years, diagnosed about
Good Morning everyone. Hopping you are waking to a good morning.Thanks, tuffymason
Good evening everyone, hoping this post finds you doing well.Thanks for listening,  tuffymason
Good evening everyone.Tuffymason
Good morning all, hoping you are all coping well.Tuffymason
Hello, I am a 30 yr old mother of 4, fulltime mom and student.     Thank you for reading. I didn't mean to write a darn novel. I just don't know what to do and as I've been hiding away because I am prideful and embarrased to be so worthless, I don't have anyone to talk to that understands.
Good Saturday, all--I have not been around for some time--so hi all new folks.  Has anyone had conversations with their doctor recently aboutI was rather put off by this.  I have been with this doctor for some time  (Nearly four years,) so it is not like I am new to her.  I do not take all the muscle relaxers I am prescribed.  But I have been on sleep medication since I was diagnosed in 2003/4, and am really not interested in quitting it.  If I do not have quality sleep, I have lots of trouble the next day.  I still work and I do a lot of intense mental work, so going without sleep is not an option.  Though I might have to at some point, since I have insurance on the ACA.
I was diagnosed with fibro and am taking duloxetine 20mg twice a day. The pain is really bad at the moment and the tablets dont seem to help. I wake up with severe pain in my feet and it lasts all day i cant stand for too long. Also ive got pain on my arms and hands too. I go to bed exhausted every night but dont sleep as the pain keeps me awake. My whole body seems to hurt at the same time. But i am really struggling with my feet and arms at the moment. it is interefering with my work too. Any advice would be appreciated
Im looking for a grwat fibro doctor in Pittsburgh and surrounding areas.
Hello all, Tuffymason
I have been off work sick as the fibromyalgia pain has really affected my daily life, am in pain all the time and the fatigue is interfering with life.my ssp has came to an end and my employer is giving me a ssp1 form. Am i able to claim esa or other benefits amd do i have to have a medical assessment done too .
Does anyone have any suggestions for a good medical insurance plan for age 60-plus?  Thanks for any ideas!St. Padre Pio
I have been experiencing all the symptoms of fibro, i went to see my gp who has put me on duloxetine tablets twice a day. I have done the widespread pain indwx and symptoms severity score for fibro which both highlight that is what i am suffering from. My gp has now referred me to a rheumatologist clinic.please can you help me, what will happen there and what do they do.
Hi everyoneAnyway, that is my story. I’d love to hear from others who have managed getting off Cymbalta. And positive stories of life after Cymbalta and how you manage.
Does anyone have a Fibromyalgia doctor in Iowa that they would recommend? I was diagnosed with FM in 2013. I had a spinal fluid leak that I finally got help with this past July. I had an Igenex test for lyme done in January that said I should try again. I have another doctor that reviewed my MRI and said I have &quot;mass effect on brainstem.&quot;  FM because her sister has it but I need someone that is a true expert. Thanks in advance!
Hi.i am really suffering with fibro pain at the moment.im taking duloxetine twice a day and also paracetamol every 4 hours. My gp says that it is fibro i have.i am waiting for referral to rheumatology. Will they diagnose using the new widespread pain index criteria and symptom severity score. Also what else will happen at the rheumatology appointment.
I believe that I have finally found a doctor that I can trust to deal with me and my fibro (it's been a struggle recently).  She has suggested that I take LDN or Low Dose Naltrexone.  I just started my first dose last night after doing some research but wanted to reach out here.  Has anyone tried this?  If you have, what are your thoughts?
Good day everyone,Thanks, tuffymason
Hi everyone, Thanks!
 
At night I get funny sensations in my feet and a burning sensation in my forefoot.  Plus a zapping pain once in awhile.  They feel hot and can't stand a cover on it so my feet poke out of the covers but then they are cold.  I put foot cream on them but that doesn't help.Barb
I can't tell if it's the medication i'm taking for fibro, gabapentin or what  
I appreciated the help I got when I previously asked for suggestions for health insurance.  Since then, I've researched many companies online and also spent time on the phone with company representatives and also an insurance broker.  But it seems I can't find a lower premium for health insurance.  St. Padre Pio
 
Hey all,Thank you for reading
Hi. I am 31 years old and have the symptoms of fibro, my gp has put me on duloxetine 20mg twice a day but due to pain level they have upped it to 60mg daily. Im currently off work due to the symptoms and the constant fatigue. My hair is falling out too. I have been referred to rheumatology but the waiting list is12-14weeks.i am really struggling to cope and even daily tasks around house are hard.i dont go out the house much as the pain is bad and its just an effort. Any advice please x
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone celebrating this week.  Enjoy the day!  St. Padre Pio
Hello all, I'm new here and can already tell this is a great place with lots of loving people. Lallie
Good morning all.Thanks so much, Tuffymason.
Not fibromyalgia related but October  10 I about kicked off from heart mess. Immediately needed pacemaker 100% dependency and main artery 90% block so needed stent too! Still peaked (y’all know what that means).
Morning all, hoping you are coping well.Any suggestions? Thanks, Tuffymason
Out of date
Has anyone use a tDCS device? I heard many people has used them for better sleep, pain, or depression. it.
Hi guys. Once again I've been gone forever. Not by choice.Fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, discectomy L4-L5 - (w/lots of Sciatic Nerve damage), frozen shoulder, Hashimoto's Thyroiditis,  IBS, migraine, dizziness (mostly from visual stimuli), elevated liver enzymes, tachycardia, hearing loss (probably Menieres).
Brand spanking new member.
Ok, we all put a lot on ourselves this busy season of the year..Lj
I was thinking of a SAD light, but its very inconvenient. Up north, in the event that winter sun shows, its real low until February. I hate this time of year, the bears got it figured out- hibernating sounds good. Note: vit D does nothing for me but cost money.

Hi! I'm new to join but have been looking at the wisdom on here for months. I'm hopeful that you guys can help me or at least let me know that I'm not alone. ;)Just in a state of worry right now...thank you Lyme anxiety!
I wanted to reference a study that I knew was in my thread titled &quot;There are inflammatory markers being found in fibromyalgia.&quot;
Tight chest pain. These are my only symptoms, been going on for around a year, I've had all the tests for heart trouble, one doctor mentioned fibromyalgia as a potential cause
 
I may try the amitripylin medication for pain ya. I am not sure if it will help though. Can anyone tell me more about this medication. And if it works to help with pain though. Thanks.
A friend with fibromyalgia had chemotherapy this past year for ovarian cancer.  She had no fibromyalgia symptoms since the chemo.Barb
Friday I had a seizure and the hospital said it was from the tramadol. I take 600mg gaba 3x a day, I have taken 50mg tramadol no more than 4 times daily for months. 2 months ago my dr added 60mg Cymbalta and then a month ago my rheumatologist doubled that. The trauma from the seizure threw me into a huge flare seemed to have undone all the months of work I have done with my muscles with exercise and acupuncture. I was just reading about serotonin effect and I am kind of worried that I have developed that as I also have severe muscle jerking when I relax or try to sleep. My dr is weaning me from gaba and onto lyrica in hopes of better pain relief and I am not looking forwward to the next few days. I just wanted to know if anyone else has had any issues with any of these combinations. It is possible that I have a lower threshold for seizures as my little brother hs had several and my older brother had a seizure from a medication a little over a month ago. I feel as though the deeper I go on this journey of fibro I only end up with more questions and concerns. I am tired, in so much pain, and scared.
Has anyone purchased a weighted blanket for treatment of anxiety?Barb
A bit off-topic, but I thought maybe someone here might know aboutSt. Padre Pio
I was healthy and active until I graduated high school. I have been living with my leg going numb and pain my whole life. They said it was growing pains. I finally went to the doctor, an  orthopedic surgeon I went to when I was in high school and healthy,  but when I win again I was overweight and unhealthy but I finally couldn’t handle the pain anymore and the numbness in the tingling and then I had a small spot of my spine that felt the same way well the doctor just that I was overweight and I need to lose weight. I told him I wasn’t overweight my whole life look at the charts it’ll show you. But he didn’t care and he said come back after you lose weight. So I waited 2 1/2 hours her doctor tell me I’m overweight which hello anybody that’s overweight knows they are.  And spent $60 for him to tell me the same darn thing come on now hopefully find a doctor one day I’ll be all the best
 
I was told that my B12 is low but I’m having trouble figuring out the numbers used to evaluate it… The level says it’s 8.8 can anyone help me with any info on this? I have been having numbness and tingling in my hands and my feet and I’m having some other issues but I just wanted to know for sure how low is this level and I can’t seem to find any information about it… As far as the level goes can anyone help?
Is this a symptom of fibro?
Anyone have that?  I've always had some intermittent leg tingling, but a couple weeks ago, whenever I would cough, sneeze, itch any part of my body, laugh, clap my hands, etc.,  it would send a wave of tingles down both legs.  What's up with that??
Hi Everyone,
I was diagnosed with the flu over two weeks ago. I still have cough, running a low grade fever off and on. A week ago I woke up with pain under my jaw, a huge swollen lymph node. I went in to my doctor and was told it was either an infected salivary gland or a swollen lymph node. They drew blood work and on Monday a nurse called to tell me it was all okay. I explained to her that the swollen node I had on the previous Friday was gone, and now the other side of my neck under the jaw was swollen and tender and larger than the other side had been. She said oh, she did not know what to tell me. So the lab they use has a patient portal and it notified me today that I could see the lab work performed last week.I thought all these results indicated Mono. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank You
Hey all,Thanks
Morning all, hoping you are feeling okay.Tuffymason
I am a 32 year old male.  I have had a previous back injury while in the US Army so I already have back pains.  I never thought anything else aboutKeith
Has anyone found this useful for their pain?
I really understand the logic behind companies discontinuing paper catalogs:  everything is now online, less tree waste, simpler for the company, etc., but, personally, I really prefer paper catalogs to buying online.St. Padre Pio
I bought a home ultrasound machine quite awhile ago (2 years?) and went to use it recently but am not sure if it's working correctly. It does hum when I plug it in but I don't feel any heat or any vibration -is that normal?
Hello,
Hello, does anyone has pain in the finger tips; some days are worst than others and even touching my phone or iPad with like 3 fingers hurts a lot, I have to keep changing finger. Please any advice would be helpful, thanks
Multiple specialists have worked for 3 months to diagnose my illness...  I an having EMG testing next week.Stats:  Female, 52, living alone, symptoms have continuously gotten worse since November.
Hi Everyone,
I'm from Wisconsin and retired.   I spend winters trying to get warm and treat the aches and pains of fibro.Barb
HiI'm finding the pain pretty rough at the moment. It is really getting to me. I think I may be best going on a new AD but I wanted to come off Lyrica first as I'm worried some symptoms I had before that nortriptyline and Lyrica helped will return.
This is my first post, and it will be long but please please bear with me. 
Having an EMG test tomorrow.... any advice?
I was wondering how a patient gets diagnosed with Sacroillitis?Thanks!
Hi there ... new here from Ontario, Canada with fibromyalgia and chronic migraine (and who knows what else). Does anyone else get tiny little itchy bumps on their body - they're the size of little pimples and can appear anywhere. I get them mostly on my arms and scalp now and get them when I'm run down and I think in reaction to certain foods, although I haven't figured it out yet. It's a weird thing that's been passed down in my family - grandmother, mother and siblings all got them. For  awhile it was thought to be a form of cold sores, but I think they're more like hives.
I have all the symptoms of Fibro, I can go down the symptoms list, I have nearly all of them. I. have had them for over 3 months now this was triggered by a period of extreme stress and 5 month of insomnia. However my GP keeps sending me away saying this is acute come back when it’s chronic. I have CFS and this is not that it’s very different. I have a medical background and have had over 35 years of chronic health problems so I know this is not just a virus which the GP insists it is. I am pretty desperate as I am struggling climbing the stairs and the weakness and pain is really hard to live with. What do I do? Any suggestions? Called the help line left a message but haven’t heard back, that was 3 weeks ago. Thank you.
Terrible flare.... massage made me worse?  I have had a rough year with my Fibro! I had a hysterectomy in December 2016 last year and I just cannot seem to get well especially with back and muscle pain! I went for a massage yesterday thinking it would help and I am so terrible today I can hardly get out of bed I couldn’t sleep due to the pain last night! My back from my neck to my tailbone  all of my muscles in my back and shooting pains around my rib cage kept me awake all night 🤕Dacree
I'll be seeing my dentist tomorrow who is eager to put a few implants in my mouth. With having so many sensitivities even to some metals, I'm not sure I want to do this. I've read they use titanium now but I've heard that some people have allergic reactions to this too because of trace metals that might be included with the titanium.
Hello -- Thanks!
Hi Everyone,Now and then a few of you mention your accupressure mats. Is there a certain kind that's better than others?
Does anyone have severe quad pain when climbing stairs? 
Due to my injuries, weakness, and my fibromyalgia one of my doctors is recommending that I have some occupational therapy sessions.Has anyone had occupational therapy and benefited from it?
I was diagnosed Dacree
Recently had a visit to a new podiatrist who was going through my medication list.  I do have a diagnosis of fibromyalgia.  He questioned whether or not I was on medication for anxiety.  When I replied that I wasn't, his comment surprised me.  He said that I was his only patient with fibromyalgia that was not on medication for anxiety.  I haven't had much time lately to be on this forum, although had in the past.  Therefore, was wondering if there was any up to date information on this as to the percentage of people with fibromyalgia who also take medication for anxiety.  Thank you.
I didn't want to hijack Debsoap's post, but was wondering if there are other Canadians on here and what your diagnosis/treatment experience has been. For me, as I mentioned in my last post, it felt a bit like a shrug 'It must be fibro', without a lot of searching for what else it could be or what other co-morbid stuff could be going on. Getting in with a specialist takes forever and is usually a disappointment. My primary physician is sympathetic, but not terribly helpful. I feel like I am my own healthcare provider and for the most part just grin and bear it. I have tried most of the drugs available and have reacted poorly to all of them, so my doc is reluctant to try me on anything new.
Published in
Some members here have both fibro and CFS, yes? Can you help me think aboutBut where is the line between fibro and CFS? Is it mostly just in the post-exertional malaise?
I hope this post is going to the fibromyalgia group.  I've been on the gerd forum for past months.I am sorry this is so long, but I am beginning to think since the heart and lungs are okay, and the hernia surgery has not helped -- that maybe I missed the obvious in not checking into fibro as a cause.  If you have had time to read this long email, I would appreciate any input you may have to offer.  Thanks you and God bless.
Hello,Thanks!
My feet always seem to be somewhat stiff, despite exercise, rest, soaking in warm Epsom salts, etc..  These things all help a bit, but when I'm in a flare (like now!), there's not much improvement. I think, too, that my neuro condition and high arches are part of the problem.
Hi All - I thought I would seek info from anyone else who has had similar symptoms that are possibly associated with fibromyalgia- I will try keep it short:Any feedback would be appreciated as I am feeling lost.  Thanks,
Hi Everyone,
 
I would just like to say &quot;Hi&quot;.  I've read some posts and everyone seems to be so kind here.  It's great to &quot;talk&quot; with people who truly understand what you're saying.  Thanks for letting me join. 
Ok, Lj
The REAL cause of all your pain is something else, but the docs just aren't looking deep enough?  I've had fibromyalgia for at least 30 years.  Considering the pains in my childhood, I'm thinking I was born with it.  I did have an abusive childhood, so maybe that triggered it (as some theories suggest).  I also have pretty bad osteoarthritis, and I've heard that can feel quite systemic).  Anyhow.....in November, I woke up one morning with incredibly worse joint and muscle pain, and constant tingling in the legs....along with spasms, jabs, tingling in other areas.  It seems to just be getting worse and worse.  I also feel sick a lot.  I just can't feel well.....even on some days that aren't so horrible.But I do feel like I might not live long, and that makes me very sad.
I am looking for answers to the pain and weakness in my upper thighs. I can walk for about thigh pain. How did you figure out it was the fibro causing the trouble in the thigh? I also have such severe pain in my upper arms and shoulders now traveling down the arm.  I have small fiber nureopatjy also so who knows. Any advise?  Thank you in advance. Susie
Hi everyone.  I am not new to Healing Well since I already have Ulcerative Colitis since 2005.  However, I was recently diagnosed with Fibromyalgia by my Rheumatologist and my primary doctor concurs with dx.  I have always had issues with muscle pain & sensitivity.  However, over the last 2 years it had gotten worse starting with bursitis in both hips (trochanter) and severe muscle pain post exercising.  Then the last 3 months have been horrible, therefore, I finally went to the rheumatologist. I wrote down all my symptoms both muscle pain related and other stuff (i.e. severe fatigue, sleep issues and other stuff).  All the &quot;other stuff&quot; she said was classic Fibromyalgia symptoms.  She ran bloodwork with inflammatory markers (negative), thyroid, and all other regular labs like CBC - all normal.  I was checked years ago for both Lupus and Lyme (negative).  Not sure if they should be retested.  She did the tender point test.  I had 11 or 13 of the points (not all).  She wanted a neurologist to check me because of some of the muscle related stuff.  She didn't think they would find anything, but wanted to rule out other stuff just in case.  She started me on Cymbalta (the generic) 30mg.  -Supplements: probiotics, Citracal, Magnesium Malate
My son and I share many of the same health issues but, as I've mentioned before, the docs call mine fibromyalgia and his just migraines and seem very reluctant to make the link between the two of us (I get the 'crazy mom' look when I bring it up). We're both extremely weather sensitive. So today in the car we traveled 2 1/2 hours. I suddenly felt incredible fatigue followed quickly by that full body fever-like aching. I turned to my son and asked how he was feeling. 'So awful. I hurt everywhere.' 'Did it start just now?' 'Yeah'. Sigh.Anyone as sensitive to weather as this? Often when I travel, I keep my tens going on my shoulder to keep migraines and nausea at bay and that helps somewhat, but even a one hour drive will invariably cause a headache, because we pass through a different weather zone.
Last evening, I was reading an older book I have about
OK - so I'm going to go in and start demanding more help. I'm going to ask for a referral to a pain clinic - there's a new doc in the next town over he is apparently quite good. I'm also going to ask for more testing. I have seen a neurologist for my migraines and a rheumatologist for a fibro diagnosis (keep in mind, here in Canada it takes a year for a specialist referral and they generally just diagnose you and shoot you back to your primary). The pain doc is a neuro and I should get in within a couple of month, so that's good. In the meantime, I'm going to ask for a neck/spine xray to see if/how much arthritis is present, if she has tested for vitamin/mineral deficiencies, and hormone levels. Anything else I should ask for? I know she checked epstein-barr and iron, and did standard blood work. I'm pretty sure I had an mri for my migraines. I had something done for my feet - a ct scan I think. Lime testing here is ineffective - they only do the one test, and it isn't reliable.
This is a hard question, I know but I'm wondering if we all tend to agree or mostly have different thoughts.I would get rid of the fatigue, I think because I can cope with everything else better when I'm not tired, especially my very foggy brain.  I used to be focused and sharp now I'm slow and mess up a lot.  It gets so embarrassing sometimes especially when there are people around that didn't know me before.  Plus, I miss out on so many things in life that I want to do but am just to tired to do it.
Just wondering if anyone has tried either one for pain and what your experience was like.  I was on Butrans patch and Tramadol for years but now the Butrans stopped working.  I was put on Fentanyl and that’s not giving me any relief.  I have Lyme disease and 2 coinfections and have pain of 7-9 on pain scale.  I have 3 kids and it’s so hard to take care of them if I don’t have some pain relief.  I know fibromyalgia pain is very similar to Lyme pain so I thought I’d ask here also.  Saw family Dr.  Tested negative for Lyme and coinfections.  Treatment started Dec. 2012.  In 2014 tested positive for Bartonella.  Clinically diagnosed with a Babesia in 2015.  Currently taking - Clarythromycin, Dapsone and Plaquenil.  Japanese Knotweed, Samento, Banderol and many others.
My various gastronologists through the years have encouraged me to take PPI's for my gerd. I last saw one of these doctors a few days ago and I mentioned how I experience side effects which includes heart palpitations and also how the medication affects my ability to sleep. These doctors tell me they haven't heard of such side effects. And sometimes I give the med a short trial.... After taking it yesterday morning, the side effects showed up six hours later. I need to stand up for myself to a greater degree and never take this kind of medication again.Thanks.
As I mentioned in another post, my doc put me on gabapentin without checking much else out....which concerned me a bit, but he was starting me out very low and working up slowly.  It was mostly for tingling everywhere. At least the sun is shining today.  I will sit outside for awhile, and try to stay positive, in spite of feeling like the best part of my life is over.............
I have read about-Supplements: probiotics, Citracal, Magnesium Malate
That's interesting about-Supplements: Probiotics, Citracal, Magnesium Malate, Omega 3's
The east coast is on our 4th n easter..Wishing everyone calmer weather ahead..
Hello! a year and a half now, which has really been getting to me. I'm hoping to find some form of medication and/or treatment that'll make playing them possible again, but I'm worried that it may be a thing of the past at this point.
For those of you taking supplements, do you trust the blood tests doctors prescribe to check your vitamin levels?
Hi Everyone,I try not to sit for very long. It makes me stiffer and can increase my pain.
I am looking for others to chat with as I start this Journey. I am on Day 5. I have had fibro since 1999. I am now 20 years into it. I have always stayed active and fought through my pain,but this year things changed. I am now having to lay in bed when a flare up happens. I have read so much success ,and know someone personally who has been pain free for 7 years.
I am so hurt, disappointed and sad aboutI have found several articles that he can read.  But, how do you explain to someone the difference between debilitating fibro fatigue and normal working extra hard, having a bad night fatigue?  I do have the spoons as a way to explain but I would like some other ideas that I can just say.
Hi Everyone,We need to be so careful when it comes to using or exposing ourselves to some chemicals.
Over the years, I have had to up my melatonin intake. I now have to take 15 mg. I found I needed to take a larger dosage when my gastronologist talked me into trying another proton pump inhibitor for my gerd, a pill that never seemed to help my condition. I stayed on them a very minimal amount of time. The last time i stayed on the PPI for only one day. Each time I had pretty bad side effects. So, over the years, I went from take 3 mg to 6 mg to 9 mg to 12 mg to 15 mg of melatonin. And all of the needed increases occured while I was trying the PPI.  I recently decided I will never try that kind of medication again. 
My massage therapist recommended and ordered a special pillow for me and I wanted to mention it in here because it is helping cut down my pain.
I tend to be a 1/2 glass full kind of girl.  I actually had a friend who told me to be less nice.  She was having a bad day.  LOL  So, if these kinds of posts get on your nerves just let me know.Just a couple of my &quot;mercies of my life.&quot;
I know this is a little early, but because I won't get a chance to post again for a few days, I wanted to wish everyone here who celebrates Easter a happy and blessed day! (or day and season for some).  Pray, hope, and don't worry.&quot;   St. Padre Pio
Do you have foods that you can eat in one form but not another? For example, cooked oatmeal is really easy and soothing for my stomach, but baked oatmeal (like granola) gives me terrible stomach cramps. I can eat scrambled eggs, but if I eat boiled or fried eggs, where the yolk is separate, I feel sick. I can eat plain bread, but a muffin will make me sick for days (I can't figure out what ingredient would be in it that would make me so sick).
Hello friends who understand,Fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, discectomy L4-L5 - (w/lots of Sciatic Nerve damage), frozen shoulder, Hashimoto's Thyroiditis,  IBS, migraine, dizziness (mostly from visual stimuli), elevated liver enzymes, tachycardia, hearing loss (probably Menieres).
For some reason, I can't get that designation off my profile!  I wrote and asked Peter many months ago, and nothing.  (Sherrine, didn't you say Karen had the same problem?)Fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, discectomy L4-L5 - (w/lots of Sciatic Nerve damage), frozen shoulder, Hashimoto's Thyroiditis,  IBS, migraine, dizziness (mostly from visual stimuli), elevated liver enzymes, tachycardia, hearing loss (probably Menieres).
Hi Everyone,Thanks.
Hi everyone I am new to this form and I am excited to be able to find some answers to questions. I have had fibromyalgia for a very long time now and have had all the usual symptoms. But since January of this year I have had severe tailbone pain, I have seen several doctors I cannot figure out why. I had back surgery in October and I had to fusions  in my lower back, things were going good there I was healing and feeling pretty good until January. That is when this terrible terrible pain has started, I have had injections, I have went back to see my surgeon, I am now scheduled to see an orthopedic specialist. I am just wondering if any of you wonderful people out there have experienced terrible pain with Fibro Thank you. P.s.  what things have you tried or the pain that might be helpful for me…. Thank you
Hey Ljm2014, where did you purchase your Corvalen D-Ribose?  Their website only sells to medical practitioners.  I know I can probably find it out there on the net, but I want to get it from a reliable source.  I can get a different brand easily, but from what I have read people seem to think they get a better response from the Corvalen brand.-Supplements: Probiotics, Cal+D3+K2, Magnesium Malate, Tumeric, COQ10
Hi Everyone,We certainly need to be our own best detective when it comes to our bodies.
Hi everyone! 
Costco has a special on hot tubs for $2,000 delivered. I don't know if it would help pain but I am concerned aboutAppreciate you experiences and thoughts
For over 25 years we have kept an winter Arizona home to escape the long dark Oregon winters. I have struggled to make the 1,400 mile drive and keep up two homes for years.So now all the fun stuff that made life enjoyable is gone and all I have left is pain and feeling like crap
I just want to thank those of you who recommended therapeutic massage.  I wasn't sure how to find someone in my area and Sherrine gave me a link to check things out.  I asked my neighbor if she knew anyone (her husband owns a wellness center right up the block from me).  I got a name, checked her on the website Sherrine gave me (she wasn't on it, but one thing led to another), and I actually found an old friend of mine who I completely forgot was a massage therapist on the site.   Turns out not only does she specialize in Fibromyalgia but she also has it and works right in the same town as me.-Supplements: Probiotics, Cal+D3+K2, Magnesium Malate, Tumeric, COQ10
Hi Everyone,Has anyone else been diagnosed with Epstein Barr Virus?
Hi, Sherrine!Fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, discectomy L4-L5 - (w/lots of Sciatic Nerve damage), frozen shoulder, Hashimoto's Thyroiditis,  IBS, migraine, dizziness (mostly from visual stimuli), elevated liver enzymes, tachycardia, hearing loss (probably Menieres).
 
I came across the following article in my Dr. Mercola email this morning. I know he's controversial and he's out to sell supplements, but sometimes what his articles say make a lot of sense. The following article talks about
So about-Supplements: Probiotics, Cal+D3+K2, Magnesium Malate, Tumeric, COQ10
Hey everybody,
Does anyone take Cymbalta?  Has it helped?  I'm going to start taking it for both Fibro and for Anxiety.  I just wondered if it really could make me feel better.
Hi all! Becky
I have been having left arm pain ,off and on for about
I'm looking for ideas for getting my heart rate up, as if I just had a good run.Pray, hope, and don't worry.&quot;   St. Padre Pio
I'm sure this is a foolish question, and I already have a pretty good idea of the response, but is walking in stores an issue for you?Pray, hope, and don't worry.&quot;   St. Padre Pio
Hi Everyone,I would be interested to know what you think.
I was prescribed Neurontin (gabapentin) years ago for nerve pain, and it certainly has helped with that.  In the past several months, though, I've noticed it seems to kick up my gastritis.  I have a doctor's appointment next week and would like to discuss a good alternative to Neurontin. 
Deleted
Hope all the moms here,  have a fun and lovely Mothers day! 🍓🍧🎈🍰🍓🎈Have a great day 😊
 
 
I wouldn't exactly say that I get shortness of breath, but I do know I'm a shallow breather. I try to remember to stop and take some deep breaths, occasionally.Pray, hope, and don't worry.&quot;   St. Padre Pio
Hello all. it, but he dismissed it and didn't want to diagnose me with it or treat my symtoms(I have since found a new PCP). Once I started seeing my new PCP, she prescribed me with gabapentin, although she hasn't formally diagnosed me with FM. The meds have helped out a lot, but I am still experiencing this burning, bee sting like sensation in my armpits, mostly on the right. I also notice it in my groin area and tingling down the back of my legs and knees. I check for swollen glands, but they're not swollen. This drives me a little crazy at times...is any of this familiar to you all?
Hi Sherrine:  I'm heading to my doctor fairly soon, and wanted to check with you aboutPray, hope, and don't worry.&quot;   St. Padre Pio
December 1st 2017 my wife was diagnosed with advanced liver cancer. We made an emergency trip to Arizona 1,400 miles away to sell our winter home and everything in it. While there caught he worst flu of our lives - sick for 8 weeks REALLY sick.HELP - any thoughts why the delayed breakdown
Hi. I feel so thankful to the surgeon who is squeezing me in before his vacation, to the pain doctor who actually listened and pushed my MRI through, to the support staff who have been so nice thus far...Fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, discectomy L4-L5 - (w/lots of Sciatic Nerve damage), frozen shoulder, Hashimoto's Thyroiditis,  IBS, migraine, dizziness (mostly from visual stimuli), elevated liver enzymes, tachycardia, hearing loss (probably Menieres).
 
Have any of you ended up becoming dyslexic, well sort of.  I don't mix up letters as much as I just see other words or numbers totally.  I may read it again and it be right or I might have to wait and come back to it.  I grew up reading time by traditional clocks.  Never had a problem until all this started and now I have to take a bit of extra time to figure it out.  I also cannot track paragraphs that are very long or that don't have double spacing between paragraphs.I just wondered if it's a different problem with me or not unusual for fibro.
I was reading a question and  answer type interview with a dr.. who has and treats fibromyalgia.Lj
Deleted by Rockon
After watching this video it makes sense.  My symptoms started with trauma and stress doesn't help.  What do you all think?  Does it describe your fibro?                                                                    https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mY49nmHaano
Hello people. As the subject states, I'm new here and this is my first post. (I wasn't sure if there was a separate place to post first entries, but searched all over and couldn't find one, so here I am.) rx: cymbalta, nuvigil, norco, baclofen, synthroid, nexium, valsartan, doxycycline, metformin, buspar, lamictal, abilify, zanaflex, bystolic
Have body pain and fever again ,tried taking baby aspirin one for fever to subside.Any suggestions what to do?
Deleted by Rockon
Hello forum, hoping everyone is getting along okay.Thanks,  keepnon.
  a year after the arm pain started, but it's starting to become the more immediate concern. It's severely limiting my ability to walk from place to place, since I can only walk a relatively small distance before one of my knees basically gives out and starts hurting so bad I have to limp the rest of the way I'm going, or just stop walking altogether. I went out and bought a cane and some shock absorbing insoles for my shoes, but I'm not sure those will be enough.
I started reading through a person's posts and this one is such new information to me, I thought some of you might want to read it. TSH is not made solely in the pituitary. 
I have been having a full body flare for several hours now. It feels like a million burning needles are all over my body. My muscles are twitching, and by vision is is bad. I haven’t had a flare like this in years. I don’t think anyone can do anything for me. I guess I’m just venting. If anyone has any ideas, I’ll try anything!
Pls Hlp. I woke up this morning with this horrible excruciating pain in both forearms . The pain was so bad it woke me up . I guess the only way I can describe it is it almost feels like it’s in my bone . I generally have no pain in my arms. There is no swelling or redness And no pain to touch. I did not injure my arms yesterday or even pick up anything heavy . I do frequently wake up stiff in the mornings. I took a meloxicam this morning and I am praying it works. This has been going on since I woke up an hour ago. It’s debilitating and so painful. Thank you
I've read several times that the B vitamins are good for fibromyalgia, nerve pain, etc..  They always sound highly recommended!Pray, hope, and don't worry.&quot;   St. Padre Pio
Hello everyone, It’s late and I am not sleeping. Either pain and insomnia or insomnia and pain.....Thanks for listening. Tuffymason
Hello,A
I was wondering if any fibromyalgia patients here, or CFS patients, have tried it?Mestinon, AKA Pyridostigmine.It's an acetylcholinesterase.
USA    



I have not heard of these side effects before,but I am sure there is some risk of side effects from any vaccination,,,,,,though I wish my husband would have had the vaccine as his life would have been extended greatly had he not contracted hep b, and I would not have suffered such a serious case of acute hep b in which I almost died.  Im not sure they can pinpoint the hep b vaccine as the cause of these effects, when they havent yet diagnosed what it is you have. it could be a coinicidence or, it could be a rare reaction the vaccine,,,,,but in my opinion,the slight risk of the vaccine is far outweighed by the danger of active hep b,,,,,,,which has no cure. good luck in getting a diagnosis and let us know what the outcome is.


Very old thread... But interesting!!!!Have a great day


Hi Archichik,  I just wanted to welcome you to the forum.  I am sorry that your dad is dealing with this disease.  My husband has cirrhosis.  His main problems have been encephalopathy and edema.  Since his lactulose was adjusted to every 6 hours, the encephalopathy has been pretty much under control.  He had a bleed from varices in his stomach in November.  Since he has been home from the hospital the encephalopathy has pretty much diminished.  I know how frustrating it can be, although he was never bad enough to be hospitalized from it.  When the episodes would come on I could never narrow down anything different that he was doing to cause it.  Butterflythree
Hello Archichik,  Just wanted to add my welcome to the forum.  I realize how hard it must be for you and your mom.   This liver disease ride can be as wild as any roller coaster ride.  Nutrition is a big part of controlling some of the symptoms of it.  Connie gave you some good advice.   Getting your father to a nutritionist is very important. 
Thank you all for your warm welcome!

Yesterday morning, there were thoughts he might actually come home today, but his ammonia went back up drastically (from 79 to &quot;between 100 and 130&quot; - the nurse couldn't say), so not sure what that means, or how it was triggered, because he's been on low protein and heavy doses of lactulose in addition to the enema he had the day before....  Not good news.
Archichik,  I'm sorry your dad is having such problems with his ammonia levels.  I will continue to pray for you both.Butterflythree
Oh my GOSH!  THANK YOU for sharing your father's experience!  I am currently living quite the similar scenario with my own father.  He is a diabetic (Type II) and has cirrhosis of the liver. We are continually dealing with his ammonia levels.  Thank you so much,

(((KC))),
Thank you so much Connie and Pink Grandma.  I just can't believe how fast this has progressed.  I feel like I'm in a nightmare, and I just need to wake up & it will all go away.  However, It's truly comforting to know that I use this forum as a resource for emotional support and eduction aboutKC
Thanks so much.  You are all wonderful.KC

Lost_sad,
&nbsp;

I  have  a good  diet  now.  My  meld score  is  13  to 15.  I have to lose 40  more  pounds  but  am doing it  since changed  diet.  I&quot;m  been told that  the hep c  treatment  is really  hard to get through.  I pray  alot.    I  just  get scared of  what i have to go through.  They have put  me on the  transplant  list  but  am at the bottom because  meld score is  low.  Keep  me in your prayers.   Most  people  get  freaked  out  by this  so  most  of  the time i feel  very  alone.
Thank  you  hep93.  Sometimes  it  gets  alittle  overwelming.  My  children  would  help  if  I  ask  but  1  doesn&quot;t  care,  youngest  is  not  handling it very  well,  1  it  scares  them  badly, and 1  would  help  if  I ask.  But  of course  I'm  a  mom  and I WANT TO PROTECT THEM.  My  sister  is  alot  of  help.  She  listens  to  me  alot.  I  go to Texas  Liver  Center.  I  am really  a  loner.  ONLY 1  REAL  FRIEND.  I  lean on  my  faith  alot.  How  are  you  doing  lately?  Sounds  like  stay  tired  alot.  They  said  that   fatique  was something  that  would  happen,  and  it  has  but  not  real  bad  yet.  Thank  you  so  much  for  listening.  You  have  helped alot.  Thanks  again                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Sad Grandma

Yes,  have  a  daughter  kinda like  that.  I  wish  I  had  a betterYes  had  doctor  that  blew  off  my  simptoms too  back  in  2003.  Finally  doctor  referred  me to  a  liver doctor  and he did most  of  the  tests  then  informed me  I  had  to  find my  own Liver  Center.  I tried  hard  to find  1  then  finally  found  the 1 I go  to  now.    Its  been a hard  road  just  to find  the  right  care.    Thank  ya&quot;ll   for  being  there
Thank  you  DeeDee,Thank you so very much for all the help.  I felt so alone before.

Sorry everyone,Ya'll  have helped me more than anyone  has.  Thanks  to all of you so very much.
Hi Hep93,Thank you for listening. Don't have anyone I can tell this stuff to.
I go to hepC class  Tuesday evening.  They  send meds. out after they get a certificate from them saying I took the class.                               Sad Grandma one
Thank you Connie,  I will keep you updated.                                                        Sad Grandma one
Okay, I have to call today  and tell them I went to the class last night so they can send meds now.Sad Grandma one
SG, Some more tips when injecting yourself. I was told that applying ice to the injection site for a few seconds makes it less painful. I never used that method, as the shots (to me) weren't painful. Or, pinch the flesh on a site and inject there. Again, I didn't feel the need, but everyone's pain threshold is different. I would give myself a shot on Friday morning. That way, I didn't feel crummy, until after dinner that evening. By Monday, I felt good enough to go to work. Mainly, I had a slight fever and flu like symptoms. The first time or two will be the worst. By the third or fourth time, it won't be as bad. After that, the rest of the reactions to the shots and ribaviron pills should be the same each week. I made it through the 48 weeks with a few, minor problems, though in the end it was worth it. Keep a positive attitude, don't be scared of the treatment, as the other choice is to let the virus win. Be well. **David**
Hey... its really hard!! no one knows what it is like unless they have been through it. My dad is waiting for a liver transplant and the amount of pressure it has put onto our family. It seems to have all been ruined. But we have to keep hopeful for him, perhaps things will get better after the transplant.
Good Morning, 
Thanks for the welcome.  Medications have been daunting but go fairly the same as AIH. Currently on Plaquenil, Imuran,Prednisone, and Ambian.  Just switched things up as I started taking methotrexate 2 months ago and that somehow shot my AST's and ALT's through the roof. My belly isn't taking to kindly to my new diet of medications. Is there a section where people discuss medication on this forum?
Hockeymom1,S
Welcome Hockeymom!
Thanks all for the warm welcome, I appreciate it much:)
Hello HockeyMom,Thanks to everyone here!
I'm in my early 20s, female and for the past 5ish months my LFTs have been elevated (or deranged as my GP puts it). If it's relevant, I also have asthma, Celiac Disease (dx 5 years ago, well controlled) and some form of connective tissue lupus/sjogren's thing going on. I'm on Doxycycline, Plaquenil and Mobic. I don't drink any alcohol.Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated! Thanks.
I live in New Zealand and from what I can find, gastroenterologists seem to be the ones who look after it here. I'm sure if I get sent to gastroenterology and they can't help me they'll send me where they can. I live 5 hours away from the next city and I can't find any hepatologist there either. Thanks.
Good work, ML!Liver transplant recipient, Oct. 27, 2011, at Mayo Hospital, Jacksonville, FL
Hi all,Oh and btw, my screen name is meant to be positive. Means treat every day as if it were your last.
That is very true. When I first starting to get the cramps in my foot, it was constant.  Every time I would lay down, bang it would hit. I got absolutely no sleep.  Then I really focused on my electrolytes and potasium and I got much better.  Still get them but nothing like they were. Thanks for the advice.
Juneya, welcome to the forum!  I would like to suggest that you start your own thread to introduce yourself and your situation to others.  Posting a first post to someone else's thread, you could &quot;slip through the cracks&quot; and we don't want that.  Just click on New Topic instead of Reply.Liver transplant recipient, Oct. 27, 2011, at Mayo Hospital, Jacksonville, FL
Hi LDT!Thi
I finally got in to see my GI and he says I have stage 4A. He says I am fairly well compensated for now and might improve with good diet and quitting alcohol. He said at my stage I am not anywhere near needing a transplant. He also said that treating the HCV is out of the question due to the stage of my liver disease, he will not treat cirrhotics due to severity of the treatment, low success rate and the possible length of treatment being  up to 72 weeks. I was ok with that because I am not sure I would tolerate treatment at this point anyway. When it got so bad the next day, I called him and he said the pain was normal and the vessels he banded were very large and potentially catastrophic and the pain might last until they &quot;drop off.&quot; And he also said I was supposed to be on clear liquids for the next few days. Now, is this normal that they would just neglect to tell someone all this? Or is my experience unusual? Should I expect this every time I have this procedure? And how many times does it usually take to get all the enlarged vessels taken care of? Hope someone with experience can explain this since my providers don't seem to think it is important to keep patients informed. grrrr
Brother lab updates recently. I am curious how stent is doing.I hit 1.2 last week, in 2 months it wil be a year since I woke up yellow.
Hi everyone my name is Eric and I’m 18 years old, during summer I was depressed with my life and everything so I started drinking and this made me feel good about my pathetic life. Anyway as retarded as I am I drank so much alcohol almost every day to the point where my tolerance was so high, this should have been the first red flag but as stupid as I am I still continued ingesting poison into my system neglecting to consider the risks. Currently my body symptoms are red palms, jaundice on my skin and some veins on my arms and legs are becoming more visible which can be considered varicose veins. I already know this is cirrhosis that’s why I have not bothered to go to a doctor because this is kind of already obvious and even if I were to have a chance to get a transplant I don’t think I should receive it because I don’t deserve it. What I did was really stupid and reckless, I brought this upon myself. Listen, to everyone who is reading this I’m not asking for anyone’s pity I just want to know the average lifespan for someone with cirrhosis with the current symptoms I have now so I can roughly estimate how much time I have left of my pathetic life. I have been sober for two months now since I noticed the symptoms but I know that doesn't matter because significant damage to my liver has already been done so now the scarring will just progress. So don’t try to be nice just give me the cold hard truth here please.
New poster here, so bear with me. I somehow contracted Hep B recently. I have no idea HOW I got it, but I do know that it was not sexually transmitted (I know for fact all women I have been with, are clean) and it was not done by sharing needles (I am against drugs and would never consider). 
L,Blessedly rec'd liver 1/13/2013 at Mayo Clinic, FL
It's every 10 years unless you have been exposed to Hep A or B.&nbsp;Needless to say it's no big deal because it usually clears by itself. If you have been exposed at some point in your life you are protected against ever getting it again.&nbsp;
Just curious. I'm getting conflicting answers. One person tells me it's stress, another said they lost weight when they got it, another said it might be something more serious.
My mom lost a lot of muscle mass in addition to weight due to her Hepatitis B. When we questioned the doctors, they said...the more the disease progresses the more muscles mass decreases. I &quot;think&quot; it has something to do with the cirrohsis of the liver, but I am not sure how to explain it in more detail. However, since you have just been diagnosed, I am surprised that you would already be loosing muscle mass. Do you think you may have a decreased appetite due to just getting your diagnosis? Sometimes anxiety/worrying causes people to have no appetite.
So, today I started my &quot;screening&quot; for the Clinical Trial Meds for Hep B (essentially, Tenofovir TAF or TDF, depending which I get)I'll post the numbers that came back on blood tests for clinical trial when I get them.
hey lucky,   good to hear from you.  you have the right attitude for success. glad that your health is improving.   definitly, let us know the results your 4 week labs, and v/l.barry
Wow, your viral load is really really down already!  Hoping for the best...same as at my house.Week 8 Viral Load   =           <15 STILL UNDETECTED
Lucky,D
Wanted to share more numbers and update: Viral Load 28 Weeks into Treatment: 54 IU/mL
 Ha, never mind. Google &quot;TAF Hep B&quot; led to a Gilead announcement in Jan. It just ended its phase III trial. I'm wondering when it will be available.
luckyman316...great to hear from you and hope you are &quot;feeling well&quot; too.Undetected since week 4.  Undetected 12 weeks post treatment.
Hello, I will assume you are reading this because you or a loved one is suspected, or has E.S.L.D due to alcoholism. First let me say my heart goes out to you and your loved ones. Ziff
“I have a lot of acquaintances, a few are buddies” Ziff
JJ956, Sorry we had to be introduced this way. I hope your pain has eased since your husbands passing. It's never easy to watch someone you love fading away. I suspect it has a lasting effect, a piece of us gone, I'd think. A couple I'm close to just had experienced this same tragedy, My friend, His wife. Sonja my friends high school sweetheart passed away from cervical cancer at the young age of 65. Ziff
Bump“Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls; the most massive characters are seared with scars.” Kahlil Gibran
Hi All-  I am currently on week 4 of treatment for Genotype 2 and have been finding this site very helpful, especially regarding side effects and what is &quot;normal&quot; on treatment.  Thank you so much for all of your informative and supportive suggestions and comments. 
The header says it all.  Not funny in a haha way though.
Its good to see you have some normal numbers. Here's hoping everything else gets  back to normal as well. You are a real trooper to have made it through 3 treatments. Bless you and those who have traveled this journey with you.
I talked to the GI, he wants an ultrasound.  I'll do this once a year, for several years, looking for signs of liver cancer (HCC).Dog
Hey guys!Good luck, all.
dj posted on Dog's post and I've started another thread for him/her.Undetected since week 4.  Undetected 12 weeks post treatment.
I’m on the first week of taking Sovaldi. I just found out today that studies revealed vitamin b12 is helpful during hepatitis c treatment. I am thinking on taking 1000 mcg daily but I do not know when it would be better to take that: morning or evening? Anyone here taking vitamin b12?
Hi EverybodyThank you.
I don't have my numbers to post - all I know is I have lived with this since 1977 - I don't drink so I am guessing that is a factor on the HEP C -  not progressing.  Just a guess.  I am 59 years old - female
Thanks for the good wishes, Rose. “Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, &quot;I will try again tomorrow.” Mary Anne Radmacher
well - just checking in 
great news roseann...you have been fighting two dragons at once...what a warrior...Undetected since week 4.  Undetected 12 weeks post treatment.
I drank every day for 20 plus years...And believe me when I say this I didn't believe it would hurt me. I believe if I drank when I got off work a few drinks it would be okay. Before I knew 20 years rolled on by.  a month. I say around the beginning of this month (March) I started getting my energy back (I didn't work Nov, Dec, or most of Jan) My urine still isn't right...My GFR is fluctuating and when my  PC sent me to kidney doctor my creatine was high 1.3 in the month of FEB. Well I have decided to have a biopsy done but it's going to be awhile because going through the VA can be a wait (Twenty Three Years Army) retired VET. I'm having a dull ache under my right rib cage now...And I feel like a have some ascites too, but my PC doctor did and ultrasound and it came back negative..I have the green veins on the side of stomach and maybe a couple more symptoms of ALD or cirrhosis ....Just don't know what to do...I haven't had a drink since that day on the Cruise....Help!!!!....What is meant by 6 month mortality time? Does it mean I will get better and then all of the sudden get worse when the 6 months come and go down hill? confuse...or is this acute on chronic liver disease....Yes! soon as I have this biospy am going to get hepatologist ...MHUMP....Help please
hi mhump,wish you all the luck possible in your quest for answers.
Ziff? .....Been busy mhump. No rest for the wicked they say. Just had a appointment with my Gastro Doc. He seemed a little ticked off at me (I have that effect on folks). After a thorough verbal assault over my confessed sodium increase (Salt) he reminded me how thin the ice I tread is. Ahh... had worse spanking from higher pedigree professionals. I Humbly apologized for my lapse and he scheduled a Sonogram and Endoscopy. Did the Sonogram for TIPS flow and fluid check. Hesitant aboutA.Ziffle
Hi everyone, my name is Ed, 31 yrs old and just recently informed after donating blood that my sample tested for one of Hep B markers. However was seriously sick last winter and ultimately landed in the ER with diagnosis of adult virus. I have severe bloated stomach as I am typing, not feeling too well, and can spot some red spots on my eye balls. I have an appointment with an Hepatologist till September 2nd but the bloated stomach and dotted reddish eye balls scares me. Given that I don't yet know my situation in terms viral load, potentially a chronic carrier should I be concerned or wait till Sep 2nd to see an Hepatologist. Please I will appreciate feedback from anybody willing to help. Thanks and God bless...
Hello,Thanks!
Liver issues...
I have jaundice due to alcohol hepatitis. My liver is swollen/inflamed which is pushing agains the bile ducts which has lead to jaundice in my eyes, face, and urine. The doc said I am on the path to cirrhosis but I'm not there yet. Thankfully I have caught it in time.Thank You
Hi, thanks!
Hello everyone!Thank you very much
I have only been Dx with cirrhosis for 3 weeks but I am concerned re my weight loss on the diet of veggies lean white meat and fruit - I should weight 240 pounds but have already lost 20 on this strict diet - advice on what I can eat / how to maintain weight would be appreciated  - thanks s million Max
Hi - hoping to get some advise - just wanted to know what drugs I could be safely put on for hypertension if I have advanced liver issues - any info would be appreciated Max
I think my brother could have cirrhosis, maybe alcoholic hepatitis, but I'm not completely sure. He refuses to go to the doctor and drinks excessively every day. Our relationship is tarnished and I live out of state so I haven't seen him in a while and can only go off what my dad says. My dad tends to live in his own state of denial and sometimes downplays things. For instance my dad will say my brother isn't yellow, but my aunt who saw my brother just a few weeks ago said he was very yellow. Given these symptoms, can someone live for several years like this? I hear of alcoholics being immortal--where people and doctors expect them to die, but they just keep on living. I just want to know what a realistic timeline might be. I know a doc would be the only one to give an actual answer, but what have you all seen happen at this point if someone presents these symptoms and then continues to drink excessively??
Hi Everyone. 
Hello, I am new here. My dr just told me I have AIH. Part of me is wondering (maybe denial..) if this is true. My history... 5 years ago I had some pain, went to dr., elevated liver enzymes. (AFT and AST were in the thousands, high bilirubin also). Had MRI and liver biopsy. They said looked like &quot;drug-induced&quot; (I had taken a supplement that contained black cohosh which they said was prob the cause). It took a cpl years but everything normalized without treatment.Thank you in advance,I'm feeling very overwhelmed right now!
Hi All,
I would appreciate any feedback I could get from anyone on side effects of the medication Cellcept. It's a immunosuppressant. I was on Imuran and now I'm on this medication. It's working as liver levels are all within range but the side effects are horrible. Headaches, neausea, fatigue and over all just out of sorts.  Hepatologists says to make sure I keep my electrolytes up and to be hydrated. I've done all that and I guess my question is do these side effects go away with time. I've been on it for one month. Any information is appreciated.
Hello, I haven't visited this group in quite a long time since I was treated for HCV and have been 18 months SVR. I was hoping that my cirrhosis would maintain as compensated for at least a while longer but suddenly several months ago I started having ascites and a lot of pain, fatigue, difficulty breathing. I went to the ER for the pain and my hepatologist said he wants to refer me for transplant evaluation now. I have had 4 endoscopies with banding for large varices from portal hypertension as well, but have not had a bleed thus far. My MELD is 15 and Child-Pugh is grade C, decompensating. One more thing, I haven't been told to limit fluids but I wonder what is really the optimal amount of water to drink each day?
Can somebody provide me a comparison between the Aixplorer (Supersonic Imagine) and FibroScan (Echosens).
Hi everyone i have a spare 12 weeks havoni that wont be useful to me, i ordered them on fixhepc after insurance denied my several trail and right after i ordered them insurance suddenly approved me so i wont be needing them anymore , if anyone needs them they should contact me i can send it out for free and please i wont be responsible for the shipping cost... its the generic.
I  am at wits end and in desperate need of help with working with Allegiance/\Cigna which continually denies the medication to treat my life threatening illness. We have Allegiance\Cigna  managing the employee self funded policy as my wife works for the county\ Allegiance \ Cigna approved Harvoni for a 12 week treatment after a liver biospsy showing I had F4 Cirrhosis on March 3, 2015  my gastro never suggested testing for resistance-associated variants ( RAVs)  prior to requesting the medication Harvoni failed.I suggested to my gastro a RAV test he agreed and I was positive for RAVs. . I determined it was time to seek out a liver specialists.at a Liver Ctr. Dennis
Is this forum still active? I noticed a post from 2013 with no reply.  I am interested specifically in Connie and Barry's replies to various posts and want to know if they are still available to reply.  My 81 year old Mother was just told that she has a nodule on her liver and they ordered a needle biopsy.  That is all the info I have right now.  I requested all the test results and to speak with her doctor.  She has been losing weight and been extremely weak and nauseous.  Can this nodule be causing that?  She has NO risk factors for liver cancer, no alcoholism, no hepatitis, etc.  Thank you for any help you can offer.
Im a 22 years old lady and I engaged with unprotected sex a man whom Ive learned lately that he is a Hepa B healthy carrier for years. We are having sex several times while I have my menstual period. Is it safe and I will not be infected since he a healthy carrier?
Hi Everyone,
Ever since July I haven't felt the greatest, and my symptoms seem to be getting worse. I already have herpes, so my immune system in general isn't the greatest. Was also a prior IV drug user, who used the same needles, and shared occasionally. I've recently started having bad right upper quadrant pain with itching all over my body, nothing helps it...(also an alcoholic, slowed down to just beer recently). Drinking is the only thing that seems to make the itch/pain go away. I've also noticed blisters on my fingers, but honestly I'm not sure if they could possibly be from when I was trashed drunk and possibly burnt myself with a cigarette or something. I also have bad lower back pain. Went to the doctor last Wednesday and I'm currently waiting on hep c/hiv results. Was at the ER earlier with a temperature over a 100 (been running a low grade fever for a while now), but all they did was give me iv fluids, wrote me visteril for the itching, did blood cultures, and sent off a test for lyme disease. And also told me just to wait for my hep panel results from my regular doctor. Please don't judge me, just asking for opinions and if anyone else has had any of the same symptoms? I know I've made plenty of bad decisions, so please keep the negative comments to yourself. Thanks, for hopefully kind replies.
Hi,I went for physical examination and chest x-ray as required for our job,they sent me to hospital ward where mostly hepatitis C patients come for xray and ultrsound and there is 1 suit(greensuit) for patient to wear and lie on bed as according to their rule , so I wore that green gown wore by every hepatitis patient there it was dirty and at that time I also popped my pimple and touched the blood on my face and have pimples all over back also and I was also putting my hands in mouth , is their any chance of transmission of hepatitis help thanks?
Hello! HC+, GT 2b, Sol/Rib start after surgery.
Hello my name is Donna and I'm new to the forum . My mother is on peritoneal dialysis due to kidney failure and she's been going down hill for a couple of months and the Doctors have just told us they think she has Liver flap / Asterixis so I have been trying to research and get more information . Everything I have found online about
I've been having abdominal pain, mainly under my right ribcage area.  When I sneeze or cough it's like I'm being stuck with knives. This has gone on for several months but has been increasingly getting worse.  I can't lie on my right side.  Can't take a deep breath without the stabbing.  Michelle
Hello everyone.Emma
It's been a while since I posted. Just an update. I submitted my Dissertation Manual today. My daughter is getting married and working. My baby has grown up!! I'm now working in a jail as a therapist and several have Hep C and or other liver issues. I'm always thankful for this forum's help when Mike and I walked his final journey together. One step at a time!!
Had blood taken w  Hepatic panel--Rob
ok, dear users of this forum, first of all i want to apologize because of my english and for a big amount of text, that you are going to see.i wish you all a good health and a happy life.
My wife has NASH and has been on the Liver Transplant list at the University of Washington for about 2 1/2 years. Her bloodworm has been stable and the doctor mentioned putting her on the inactive list. However at there six month follow up she had a CT Scan and was told there was a small lesion that was too small to determine what it was and scheduled her for another CT Scan in three months end of March. We had an appointment with her local liver doctor and I noticed on her chart a note stating &quot;Lirad 4 Liver Lesion 1.5cm. Does this mean she has cancer or they are just trying to determine if it is or not, the transplant doctor mention lesions on the liver was common with cirrhosis patients and didn't seem very worried.I know you are not doctors but has anyone here had this?
I successfully defended my dissertation on March 2nd. God is amazing!!Sandia
Hello, I am a new member and I think I have hepB. I had unprotected sex on 29-30th January,2016 and i dont know if the guy has it. Since that, I feel like my stomach bloated, I feel bottom right abdominal pain sometimes, i have joint and muscle pain (not that strong), I feel tired all the time also. But the thing is because of acne treatment, I usually check my liver enzymes. I have these resultsI am scared to get tested because I dont want to lose my job, if they find out i have hepB, they might fire me. Please help, what is the chance of me having hepB?
Hi, I'm a 54 year old Asian woman and have had Hepatitis B all my life.  Many of my family members also have it and have not had problems as yet.  I was recently told my 'numbers' indicate I need to start meds for it and I was prescribed Viread.  A little background: in 2015 I experienced an extraordinarily stressful lawsuit.  I absolutely went through hell that year.  I mention this because that's when my Hep B Virus DNA was at its highest, 63984 &lt; 20 (IU/mL) & 4.80 &lt; 1.30 (LogIU/mL), and I can't help but think stress contributed to the spike.  Now, 2 years later, the numbers are lower at 45569 &lt; 20 (IU/mL) & 4.65 &lt; 1.30 (LogIU/mL).  My logic says that if the numbers are lower, maybe I don't need to start the meds (I'm told this prescriptTo those more experienced than I, should I consult another doctor, or does this scenario sound appropriate to start Viread?  Any help here will be greatly appreciated.
Hi all,
I was around someone who has Hep c Feb 3 we had kisses and well he was my first love we reconnected we were having sex with a condom but we stopped didn't go all the way. I'm freaking out that I have Hep c found out he had it afterwards we no longer speak as I'm very upset and scared to death what is the chances I could have contracted this? And could anyone tell me the symptoms please
It will be 6 years since Mike's transplant.  He has had his ups and downs, but the issues were bascially NOT liver related.  Most recently he had a big back surgery in December and bionic Mike was out there this weekend playing 18 holes..back to his old scores on the first round in a long time.Undetected since week 4.  Undetected 12 weeks post treatment.
My wife has been actively listed on the Transplant list at the University of Washington Medical Center for more than two years and now she may have HCC. Her current MELD Score has been around 14, if it does turn out to be HCC how will her Meld score raise with exception points?
Since last year, have been having warmth in back off and on for a year after eating. Ct scan was done and only showed thickened adrenal gland (no cancer) Blood tests were ok. This year having pain under breastbone and a bit to the right side after eating (no gall bladder) and have stomach pain after eating. Just had endoscopy and showed mild gastritis. Doc set me up another up for another abdominal ultrasound and suggested it may be liver stones. Sometimes I can feel pressure into back and shoulder when eating. Going for ultrasound this morning.Anyone have these symptoms and what do they do for them if it's liver stones?
im 45 mother of 5.  I just got diagnosed with AIH.  Will have biopsy results on Wednesday.   I'm terrified but I am trying to be proactive.  I also made a appointment with my MD/naturopath to get some alternative therapies.  In the meantime, I've stopped eating gluten, meat, dairy, sodas, sugar except in fruit and  caffeine.  I gave up these a long time ago:  processed foods, preservatives, artificial colors and flavors, nitrates and nitrites, artificial sweeteners).  I don't use chemicals and I only buy beauty and hair products with no parabens, Phalates, sodium laurel sulfate, no fluoride, only drink distilled water, aluminum free deodorant, organic food, grass fed beef and wild caught fish.  But yes I still was diagnosed with AIH.  I am going to focus on my leaky gut, start taking my garden of life probiotic, eat only vegetables mostly cruciferous, take fish oil, selenium, zinc, vitamin d3, vitamin c.  And pray for the best.  Some people I've heard took a leap of faith and healed themselves.  Not sure if it will work for me but a life with medicines dictating my happiness is not okay with me.  Has anyone else tried this at all?  I read a book called Eat to Live by Joel Fuhrman and he's really onto something.  Currently I'm ready a book called &quot;wheat belly&quot; by William Davis and &quot;curing Courtney&quot; by Denise Otten.  I know I just started prednisone yesterday but I'm willing to try anything.
It is just aboutForceoffire
Some of you will remember his story...I like the part aboutUndetected since week 4.  Undetected 12 weeks post treatment.
Hey guys new to healingwell this is my first post. Don't really know what else to say.
Jesus is the only way to the Father.
Hi,he told that i am infected from last 10 years, is my condition serious. please advice.
Can someone interpret the following:Thanks
I hope someone can help me. I am bit confused about hepatitis transmission. So, my boyfriend had acute hepatitis B in past and it was resolved. He was told he has immunity and can't transmit virus, in other words, it didn't became chronic (no antigen, just antibodies). However, later he was diagnosed with hepatitis C, but also only acute form. His pcr test was negative for the last few years and doctors concluded it never became chronic. Based on this tests, doctors confirmed we can have unprotected sex and there is no risk that i will get infected because according to them, he cleared both viruses and never developed chronic forms. Can anyone confirm this to me? Can virus reappear somehow, or it's considered gone forever if it never became chronic?
Have a few questions, and welcome any replies from those with knowledge or first hand experience.Those are my two main questions, on the ab pain and diet. Any suggestions welcome...
Hello all, I just got back the results of some recent blood work and I'm wondering if you can help me in figuring out what they mean.  My doctor is closed for the weekend and I'm freaking out a bit.Thank you in advance!
Hello,
I have been diagnosed with Hepatitis C, so looking for ways to protect my liver with HEP C and prevent fatal complications.
Being diagnosed with hepatitis C, my life has been changed. I need help and support to cope with this.
We just flew in to Arizona for my checkup on Monday and returned Monday evening. Quick visit. I was told I am fine. MY last three years my blood work is almost identical, Dr. quite did't  understand my encepalopathy issue, because my ammonia level was lower than ever. My brain was working fine on Monday. So I guess lactulose and xifaxan are doing their job. Dr. just said I should continue taking my meds the same way.                                                   enough of me lavenday
hi all,thanks all.
I have acute Hepatitis B. Still feeling this occasional stinging in my upper right ab. Been 2 months now since all the other symptoms went away.Had intended to wait six months for a test to see if I had passed the virus. But I think I will get checked up.
My son is offering to donate to his dad.  I'm concerned it may cost him his job, as he has to remain in good shape for it.  I'd prefer to donate myself but am afraid I'll be refused, over 70.
My husband was diagnosed with end stage liver disease 2 1/2 years ago and after being hospitalized he quit drinking and smoking.  In March this year, he started drinking and smoking again and I've seen it slowly escalate. He's also not taking his a lot of his meds daily. The weird part is he hasn't looked this healthy in years.  Other than mood swings, which he does suffer from HE he seems fine.  I've thought of emailing his Dr but not sure because I have to still live with him.  This disease (and husband) is driving me crazy.  Every day I worry about what I will find when I get home from work.  My youngest daughter doesn't come home anymore because of the stress.  I'm just looking for answers and suggestions.
I wonder if you can describe your experiences of hep b? your experience as possible would help...thanks!
Hi I'm totally new to this having liver disease works! I have never drank my whole 55 years. Never done any kind of drugs and now my liver wants to get weird. My actin levels were 37 and they told me it should not have been more than 20. What lead me to the dr was this constant pain in my right side. Not an I can't stand it pain but one that hardly ever goes away. about a year ago I was diagnosed with back issues.  My doctor gave me hydrcodone for pain! I have never taken more than 1 pill a day and most the time I'll do half and just rest till the pain stops. Did I damage my liver by taking the pain meds?  Oh and I never have had to take them every day. I am terrified! I've been blessed with pretty much being healthy. Dr has ordered 2nd round of labs and we r waiting on ct scan results! He said he was thinking auto immune hepatitis??? Sure would like to hear from anyone suffering from this
So as of 3 months ago my legs started to swell up amd gums bled as teeth went to crap quickly, and mild jaundice . So I begged my dr for some tests. Drink 3-5 beers on a typical day also take pain meds for my many herniated discs. But other than the legs had been feeling great. The tests the ensued have been awful and each new test leaves my dr with more questions than answers. Currently seeing my long time GP, a gastro, a hematologist/oncologist. Then monday had a fibroscan at the hepatologist who I see on the 14th. I also was supposed to have teeth extractions today but because I had platelet count under 100 which went from 100 t0 56 after a night of heavy depression drinking which I also worry ruined altered my fibroscan results. Which from what I saw were cap of 180 elasticity of 32 or 3.2 if I missed the . But I doubt it.(but i did read recent drinking and high AST could both cause false elasticity) Previous doc put me on spironolactin (sp?) Which abstaining from alcohol for 30 days and the med my swelling dropped and jaundice went away. However in the last month I began drinking again. My fiance and my mom who are heavy drinkers also just quit where last time they didnt so I think ill do much better this time around especially with my kids to worry aboutThanks so much in advance and sorry for long article. But ive followed this form for years and I always see people not give enough info.
My brother's 20 year battle with alcoholism ended yesterday with a ruptured aorta due to advanced corrhosis. When he was hospitalized for a month in 2011, you kind folks were a ray of much needed support, education, and compassion. He never could put the bottle down, though I think he did try at the end.  He left this world with anger and chaos, but hopefull his suffering is over.  And once our splintered and shattered family picks up the pieces, hopefully our suffering from alcoholism will start to abate too.I've been losing him for ages, but now even the hope is gone. And my poor enabling mother will have to find a way through the tangled webs of it all. Such an incredible waste of all he could have been. Dark days...
Hi everybody,Transplanted May 10, 2014
Just curious has anyone looked into stem cells for liver disease? I just started looking but it seems like using our bodies own stem cells would be a good idea. I tried searching the forums and saw nothing on it.
Hi everyone, Thanks in advance for all the help.
I apologize if this has been discussed, but i was not able to find much through the forum search more than once,  if it has could you please forward me the link for it, thank you
Hello everyone! 
I am 40 y/o male and was just diagnosed with NASH, Cryptogenic Cirrhosis Stage 4, Class A, MELD 8-10. I am scared out of my mind. I've been googling everything and freaking out, but I've been checking a lot of forums on here and it seems like many people here have been surviving and living with this and supporting each other. Biggest thing scaring me now is that my platelets keep dropping: 67 in April, 55 in June, and 44 in July. The other MELD categories increased above normal levels in my labs last week except for the sodium one. My liver enzymes were normal last week for the first time ever in my life, first checked 15 years ago. I hope this means that I have stopped damaging my liver. I have a Hepatologist, Nutritionist, and therapist to help me. But I just recently met them so I don't have a lot of confidence in them &quot;yet&quot;. Hopefully that will improve with time. I'm down from 270# a year ago to 210# now and probably have another 20# to lose but I'm trying to lose slowly. I eat mostly veggies, fruit, Greek yogurt, lean chicken breast, olive oil, coffee. I use myfitnesspal to track my protein and sodium. I wonder if I've cut my dairy too low, trying to stop the inflammation, as I think dairy helps with platelettes. Lots of stress right now: this new diagnosis, moving cross-country, buying house, new job (and I now commute instead of working at home for last 3 years), and helping my wife get a job (I've supported her financially for last 15 yrs, but want to make sure she is prepared to support herself if/when I take a turn. I'm also thinking of joining a phase 3 drug test to see if it can reduce fibrosis. I'm not sure if that is a good decision (so more stress there too). I actually feel better than I've felt in years since I am eating well and not drinking and also getting more sleep instead of working myself into the ground everyday. But saw the worse labs last night and didn't sleep much, a little lightheaded - not sure if due to stress or worse MELD numbers (HE?). I know there is no crystal ball but I want to do everything I can to live as long and as well as I can.
Thanks, I sent a note to my Dr too and I'll also ask about the 750mg. I'm feeling a lot better this morning, just minimal pressure above my left temple. I still have to go to work today but I'll try to take it as easy as possible so it doesn't come back.
My PCP just called and gave me my ultrasound results. He said that he is sending the results to my Hep Dr and will be in touch if my treatment plan changes. He said it might not change anything but that he is not a Hep Dr so we should wait to hear back from the Hep Dr. He said my spleen might have been enlarged before but other Drs. just missed it. I copied the complete report below in case anything sticks out to you. I guess my biggest worry is that things are progressively getting worse quickly. My hope has been that this disease progresses slowly and I'm trying to do everything I can to slow it down as much as possible...to steal back as much time as I can.3. No significant ascites.
good question actually!!I should say, stay away from immediate release, and added sugar..You have done very well with your diet, and no alcohol. I just hope your GI problem gets better. l
Hello all,  I'm shocked, stunned and scared and don't know where to go for help - so can you help me make some sense of this? Is it possible to have Stage 4 GEV without liver disease?
Have read most of the posts on this procedure. Most of them have been very old. My daughter is going to have the procedure and I was wondering if this procedure has changed and become more advanced over the last several years, I guess less painful is what I am asking of anyone who has had it recently. Thank you.
Hi all, Kindly help me
So I'm on day 15 with Zepatier. No side effects at all. But today I fell off a ladder landed on the backside of my hip. I've fell before not on this drug, bounced up no big deal, I'm very fit. Holy you know what it is killing me. Has anyone taken this drug and noticed any sort of easy bruising or get hurt easy? Thanks
Hi All,I have no idea what is going wrong and how bad it is, but my alt levels are so alarming, do any of you guys have any advise?
Hi everyone, it's been 5  1\2 years since my husband's successful transplant at Pittsburgh VA medical center. He is doing great, and his only issue is now he is highly diabetic.  I now have e a very close friend that has Hep C , liver cancer, and is stage 4. She is a new member to this site. Can anyone or the moderator post the website info for tracking your status on the list, and also advise how having cancer advances you on the list.Thankyou in advance. I have e referred many people to this forum, because the information and people here have me strength and hope during my. caregiving of my husband. It's a wonderful site !
My partners is diagnosed with alcohol hepatitis,we have been together for four years.When we first meet he was never a heavy drinker,I don't know how we got to this point,seeing all swallow kill me on inside.My partner father said I should just leave him alone let him think,but I'm scary for his life.I ask my work for  absent   release ,so I can't watch over him,I'm scare, I can't sleep ,I don't want when find out that doctors say I can't stay with him.i don't know what do...
My spouse has been a heavy drinker for years.   about 4 years ago he was diagnosed with fatty liver.  He hasn't gotten another ultrasound since then.  His recent blood tests were normal except his red blood count was low.  Is it possible to have liver disease with normal blood tests?
Hi! I had some test results and I would like somebody help me understand them.Thanks in advance!
Post approved by Founder & CEO Peter Waite:Thanks in advance for your participation!
Hello can some one interpret for me my lab results;
Hello kindly help me to interpret my Lab results below:
Hello, can you assist to interpret my lab results for Hepatitis;
Hi Pole and welcome,Your viral load can be the beginning of a chronic flare.
In 2012 my husband received a liver transplant.  We we're told the liver had been exposed to Hep B but had never had an infection.  He was on Epivir post tx but was taken off because the doctors felt that since he had the Hep B vaccine he should be fine.  2 weeks ago we went for our yearly appointment and they checked all Hep B labs.  Got a call from the PA stating that he now had Hep B and would be starting him on Baraclude to eliminate the virus.  We have been on edge since because now it not only affects him but myself and our children.  New Liver for my husband July 15, 2012, UPMC Montefiore, Pittsburgh PA
I'm a new member.  Am out 26 mos. from my July 2015 liver transplant. Had ACUTE failure. Pathology reported due to ingested toxin...presumed to be poison mushroom in wild mushroom dinner. Had complete liver failure within 48 hrs of mushroom diner. Yes, really. On life support for several days, lost kidney function, all else was failing. I was given 48 hrs before irreversible brain damage. Miraculously, a living donor became available.. I shouldn't be here, but I'm doing fantastically well. Nearly normal!Probiotic
Not a liver post.Undetected since week 4.  Undetected 12 weeks post treatment.
Hi,
Hubby finished all the tests, even passed cardiac stress, but docs say a couple of cardiac arteries need stents in places that are too difficult for any doctor we've consulted.  One is only 60% occluded.  The other has side arteries, and the area it serves is covered by the arteries from the opposite side.  But I agree he is not in good enough shape.  We even had a donor.So next thing to consider is TIPS.  His worst problem is the beach-ball belly and hernias. I just don't know if it's a good idea.
Hello:HbsAge- Positive
Hello. My name is AndLo. I'm new to the forum. I have been rescently told by my rheumatologist that I have Autoimmune Hepatitis and I am being referred to a specialist in the Bay Area in a couple weeks. I'm not very surprised to have an autoimmune issue due too all my symptoms but never thought my liver! Here is a little background on me. I'm a 36 yr old, married, mother of 3 girls. I am mildly obese and non active. I'm a full time employee in medical field. AndLo
Six years ago found a 30 + year case of HCV w/ stage 2 cirrhosis stage 4 swelling. Ribs busted, face rashes  gastric umbilical hernia blew out six times, etc. On this forum people warned aboutIs this ESLD? Will my BP ever go back down without medical attention? Does anyone have any suggestions regarding to treat or better off without (I’m no liver transplant candidate obviously)?
Mike has been with his brother this month, coming home some weekends to help us move.  He and his brother both had Hep C and cirrhosis from the usual causes..drugging as a kid, and too much booze since then.  Undetected since week 4.  Undetected 12 weeks post treatment.
If Fatty Liver turns into NASH can it be reversed or is it a lifelong condition? I'm very overweight and take PPI's for GERD which worry me because they are hard on the liver. Obviously weight loss will help but what other steps can can I take? Sorry if I posted this in the wrong place because I don't have hepatitis.
Hello, I am a 53 year old receipient of a liver on 9/9/17 at Mayo Clinic.Thanks
I didn't go his last appointment because he was called in for an early one and he didn't let me know.  He said he's not going to have the TIPS because his liver specialist said it always causes encephalopathy.  I haven't found this in my short search, only that encephalopathy can be caused and is usually short term.  He's already got a problem part of the time.      Any opinions?
Hi,Thanks in advance
I just joined the group and have been reading some wonderful information . I was put on CellCept to 500 mg twice a day for defuse scleroderma . I know this is a lupus group but you got great information on CellCept . Question is : both my CellCept and Levoxyl for thyroid are to be taken on an empty stomach . Can these be taken together first time in the morning ?Thx wstport
well, hello everyone! i wish you all good health! first of all sorry for my english, as its not my first language.ty so much for your time guys! whish you all the best!
Hello people.I would like to hear what you do. Best wishes!
(19 year old male) (i have drank a handful of times before this) So in february of this year i made the worst decision of my life, by drinking 9 beers. The next day i took 2 500 mg acetaminophen, and one naproxen tab (not all at once throughout day). So as the night starts coming i feel this searing pain in my abdomen like somebody was poking me with something, worst pain of my life. I thought i was dying. Anyways i figured i would sleep it off, but the next day the pain was still there. I began getting really itchy, experienced heart palpitations (sometimes feeling like i was having a hard attack), metallic taste in mouth for a day or so, fatigued beyond belief, dry eyes, cold feet. The pain in abdomen did go away after about a week to a week and a half and most of the other symptoms resolved or atleast got somewhat better. I went to the doctors got liver blood testing done and it came back normal. I still wasnt convinced so i had an ultrasound done, and it came back good as well. So life goes on and 4 months down the road i begin to shake, my hands (always)my legs my feet, my head, (in certain positions). And i experience numbness in my back and feet and hands. My heart problems still werent much better but more tolerable at this point. Anyways i go to the doctors and they convince me i was having a reoccurence of lymes disease so i went on a month of doxycycline and another month. I then see a lyme specialist and she said that should have done the trick. (And that i was overprescribed doxycycline). So i am at a new doctor and just had bloodwork for diabetes hyperthyroidism etc, and that all came back good. So im left wondering what could this be. I don't wanna go another year with these symptoms pure misery. If anyone has any knowledge on my problems i would be greatful for an answer not looking for anxiety as a solution, as almost every doctor has told me. If you read this thank you
Hi All,Thanks in advance for all your help..
Hi guys, Liz
I stop by every once and a while. I'm in Colorado now after graduating this March with my PhD. My daughter is happily married now in Wisconsin. I got the empty nest and go going. I found out my counseling licensure would not transfer to California. Colorado is the state then. In job search in Colorado currently. Will be publishing some articles from my dissertation. I have been blessed greatly this year. I went on with Mike's pushing and prodding. He supported me in my career efforts. I miss him greatly every day. 2010 seems just a moment ago. Dr. Sandi
My wife had an ALT reading of 1929 and AST at 1298 along with Alkaline phosphatase of 211. They did the tests for hep and all came back negative so we had an ultra sound done. They said the gallbladder had a massive stone in it (5cm) and needed removed immediately. So my wife had her gallbladder removed and is still having lots of issues with pain and nausea. As well as trouble breathing when laying flat. Could there be more issues than just the gallbladder she has been in pain for years. Just hoping to find ideas to help her feel better. We have a 6 month old at home and I work fulltime. She may be the strongest women ever but she still needs to get better.
Hello ya'll!d(-_-)b
I'm normally on the ulcerative colitis forum but hoping to get some clarity here aboutDiet: dairy free.
Friday he slept several hours at work, came home 10 PM, went straight to bed.  Since then he's gotten to the bathroom a couple of times, made it to the kitchen with my walker to eat a couple of times Sat, once Sun and twice today (Mon). I had to take food and snacks to him on the couch and at the bedside a few times also. The rest of the time he's slept on the couch or in bed. 3 hours to see my pain doc.
I was wondering if any had experienced abdominal swelling w/ o it being ascites?MY he is hep 1997 treated twice,last time in 2014 with solvadi combo,svr obtained,labs have been abnormal but nothing extreme except bill during last treatment and it continues to go up at times,platelets hang around in the 50's now,this week admitted for severe diarrhea,Ct results was colonitis,second dybalbumin dropped,was given albumin and my inr was abnormal,started brusing everywhere.i was told they didn't see ascites,that was 1 st time in 4 yrs that it didn't show ascites,wondering if it could've been in hidden from colonitis,I know that's lower colon but my abdomen the next day was swelling to the point I looked 8 months pregnant,very tight and uncomfortable,I told the doc on call for my doc how it felt and it didn't seem to bother him at all,he went into the talk about how sick I was going to feel before and just more or less get use to it,then he discharged me the next day.i did have several bags of ivy fluid and didn't have hardly any output but that didn't seem to be a concern either,I've been home for 3 red day,my gut is still swollen,diarrhea was terrible last two days,today not so bad.anyway has anyone ever had them not see ascites or know what could help with this swelling,my legs are ok,I do take diuretics,they wouldn't give to me during admission,so I was without that for 5 days.Thanks for any advice
More than 5 years ago, my mom was diagnosed with hepatitis c, and when the doctor discovered this, they estimate that she has had it for 25+ years from her previous operation (During a blood transfusion back in the 80s.) and she is now in her 60s. She originally could not receive treatment due to the high cost of the drug ($100,000+) and insurance didn’t cover it.  So we started to work on multiple solutions simultaneously.  Let’s just say we end up doing a medical tourism and have the procedure done in another country for $60,000 with the money she borrowed.     This was actually my mom’s decision while I was working on obtaining the medicine from another source.    Now she actually has it cured and I end up with spare medicine Harvoni (Ledipasvir-Sofosbuvir).  I think this could help someone who can be saved. andygreen1232830@gmail
Hi all.Thanks
HI, so I am a 23 year old female, who rarely goes to the doctor. I have no health insurance, so its kinda hard to. I had recently found a free health clinic and got some lab work done because I had an episode of pain where I could barely breathe or move. I went to the ER and she told me it was Pleurisy, gave me some anti-inflammatory meds and sent me home. SO I set up an appointment asap and got those tests done, hoping it wasn't Lupus causing it because it runs in my family. Mostly everything came back &quot;normal&quot; except my Bilirubin total was at 1.3 which the paper said was abnormal. I called the doctor but she was out of town so I talked to the nurse they had there & she told me I would be okay & even though it says abnormal I will not need any further testing.. but why? I feel like if it says ABNORMAL, that means something is not normal and I need to get it looked into right??  I don't want to wait until something has gone so far that the damage is too great to fix, I'd rather know now if something is wrong in my liver or gallbladder.. Also my Hep C Virus Ab was not Negative, instead it said 0.1 ? Does that mean that I had it in the past or it's maybe a negative? Should I get more tests somewhere else?  
Hello all,Cut most sugars from diet, trying to eat more cruciferous veggies
Happy New Year to all at HW.Emma
My Father in Law was diagnosed with chronic hep b. I am concerned with him being around my newborn baby. I understand how it is transmitted but the baby will not finish vaccines for another month. I want to be supportive but also want to protect my baby. I feel like an awful person because I don't want to make him feel bad.
I didn’t know which topic to post in, so sorry if this is the wrong one. I was diagnosed with non-alcoholic fatty liver a couple months ago when I went in for an ultrasound due to thinking I had gallstones. I was sent to a specialist that didn’t care and said that fatty liver isn’t a concern unless I’m overweight or have diabetes. (I don’t have diabetes and I’m 93 pounds and 5’1 and 21 years old) so all she did was send me to do a blood test to see if my levels were high which they were not except I came back positive for an auto immune disease to which she said it didn’t matter since my liver levels weren’t elevated. Now my question is has anyone gone through the same thing with a fatty liver? I don’t know what caused mine. I do take Tylenol once a day (325 mg the low dose) could that contribute to it? I was told I could take Tylenol and do whatever I want but I just don’t want to risk it becoming more serious. If you have a fatty liver do you still take Tylenol and other medication or try to avoid it?
just figured id say hi. what happened to hep93. don't see anything on here from  her and she used to be a regular responderDiabetes- diagnosed 3-29-2012. only using low fat and low carb diet and victoza 1.2  mg in morning and 100 mg Januvia at night
Hi,Many thanks for any help.
So ive been miserable for a couple of years now. Started with chronic sinusitis and 3 sinus surgeries. That led into this pain in the middle of my gut and constant headaches, fatigue and weakness. I get extremely hot like hot flashes (im a 29 year old male). So my GI doc did some tests and couldnt find anything. She referred me to university of michigan and they found slightly elevated AST and ALT. Ordered more labs. No hepatitis but a positive smooth muscle antibody. So then i had an ultrasound which showed fatty liver. Thats where they left it. &quot;Lose weight and stop drinking&quot;. Im already eating better and exercising more but i cant help but think that theres something more going on. I havent found any info stating that NAFLD can cause a positive smooth muscle antibody. Should i pursue this? Maybe push for a biopsy?
To make a long story short, I have been tossed around for a year from doctor to doctor to find out what is going on....Anti inflammatories flare up my bowels. I have Celebrex but it also can cause stomach abdominal pain sometimes..
It's been a long time since I checked in here... I'm doing well.   Just found out some information that I think is an interesting addition in my Hep C/cancer journey.  In August of 2014, when diagnosed with Stage 4 melanoma, I was able to skip over the protocol treatment and start on Keytruda because of my liver damage from Hep C.  I just found something out recently when talking to the PA following my most recent scan.For those suffering the ravages of the disease please don't read this the wrong way.  I am not trying to minimize the horror of the disease.   Just sharing my story.
My sister has low hemoglobin and platelets from being in end stage liver disease caused by hep c.  The hospital usually will give her blood but yesterday they refused and told her to come back later when it was much lower.  She is at a 5 and I feel like they are just refusing treatment and waiting for her to die.  Is there any way to raise her hemoglobin and platelets with supplements?&gt;
Good evening forum,
Hello!
My father has ESLD with severe ascites. He's incontinent and has difficulty moving on his own. His belly is so big, disproportionate to the rest of his body, that we're having issues with diapering him. We've tried pull-up style Depends and the traditional fastener-style, and have had leakage problems with both. How have / do others deal with this problem? Thanks.
I got jaundice at 3rd jan 2018 becoming yellow eyes and i checked bilrubin 5.6 and sgpt 1611 ..Thanks all of you.
Hi there, it to help me make a decision. Also to make people aware of mg. It is often confused with ms and good testing needs to be done to distinguish the two. I take a special medicine called mestinon to improve my symptoms. It has helped alot.
Hello,Thanks,
I am sad let you know that on February 12th, David, my close friend and a frequent past contributor to Healingwell, passed away. The Healingwell group was a great support to him and he enjoyed being able to provide advice to those who were going through treatment.   He died peacefully after having had many good years following his liver transplant.
Dear All,Anybody faced this kind of issue and any suggestion for this.
Long introductory post!  My Boyfriend (very short term) came for a visit over the holidays but went into severe acute alcoholic hepatitis on January 2nd and so has become a permanent resident due to his care needs.  I don't mind but I feel very worried and confused aboutAny advice, experience etc... I just want him to get well so we can try being girlfriend and boyfriend... Plus it breaks my heart to see him this sick.  He was a good cop and a good father until 5 years ago.  Also, no alcohol since Jan 2, and he is attending weekly outpatient treatment.
When my guy was first sick...he was BAD, BAD sick.  HE very bad.  Not expected to live.  The lactulose worked like a charm.  1 20 ml does and he would have 3 or 4 BMs by early afternoon and was clear as a bell.  Recently he was hospitalized for pneumonia and had a sudden severe spike in ammonia and rapid HE.  They gave him a ton of lactulose and he had a bm about 1 per hour round the clock.  They sent him home on 3 doses at 20 ml.  But it does not get him enough BMs only one or two and he has times of confusion.  Does lactulose stop working as effectively?  The reason I ask is they also gave him gabapentin the day before he left the hospital.  Researching it I see it can cause confusion itself, plus constipation.  I also think it does nothing for his pain so I am considering stopping it.  I am just worried that he is not going enough.  Yesterday I gave 20 ml every 4 hours for 4 doses and only got 2 BMs.  Docs are gone for the weekend so I can't call anyone.
My other half had stage 3 Fibrosis of the liver for a few years, non drinker,no hepatitis, he get ascities for a few months then goes into remission this has happened to him last 3yrs, has this happened to anyone before. Also he had kidney transplant back in Augt & now is told in Liver Failure. Bilirubin Total-12.1 & Bilirubin Direct 7.0. alt 80,ast-103,alaline pho-642
My boyfriend has been more confused.  I am not convinced it is HE since it doesn't act like his other times of having it...severe insomnia.  It is more like he is a bit manic and in that state where you are half asleep so your words don't come out right.  Today's labs looked better than last time for the most part where the liver is concerned.  Bilirubin is down to 10 from 13 last week.  However BUN and Creatinine have gone up.  I don't know where they were during his last hospital stay but they are higher than they were 3 weeks ago.  When do you get concerned about hepatorenal stuff?  Also no one has said the words &quot;portal hypertension&quot; but I assume he has it since he has ascites?  Thanks.
They put my huy on hospice today as his kidneys have started to fail rapidly. They are giving him an albumin infusion but hold little hope. But I admit, I HAVE HOPE it will stop the kidney failure. Am I crazy?
Has anyone here ever had Kidney failure & had Kidney Transplant & now is in Liver Failure
Hi,  My husband has had cirrhosis of the live (statin induced) and is now a diabetic.  He has fallen 4 times in the last 2 months and is currently in ICU with high ammonia levels.  Does this keep getting worse?  He is on Lactlose and Xifaxin and still has high levels.
Hello,I first posted on the Lupus page and now I am here.  I have both Lupus and Hep C and have been denied meds for Hep C and need to treat my Lupus as well.  Lupus Dr said he wouldn't treat me until I was treated for the Hep.  So now no one is treating me for either and I am going crazy with the pain.  Any help will be appreciated.
Just came home from a 4 day stay at the VA hospital in Nashville. diagnosis is alcoholic hepititis with slight scarring on the liver. i'm a little frightened. looking for some support. really worried. curious about what i can eat and not eat. my whole life seems to be turned upside down.
Hi! I’m new here. Back in 1980 my ex husband was diagnosed with Hep B. I also tested positive but never had the problems he had. A year later I was told I was immune to both the interior and exterior of the virus and could never get it again nor pass it to my kids da. Had 2 children since and never passed it on nor had any problems. Now I’m immigrating to Canada to be with my husband who I married last year and Canada is demanding both a grip b and hep c test. (My husband was cured of hep c last year) Am I correct in believing once immune to hep b always immune and that hep c is rarely sexually transmitted?? My last blood work last year still showed immunity but I wanted to verify my assumption. I’m not a drinker and never in my life did any sort of drugs so I think all will be ok.... just want to hear what experts say. I’m anxious to move!!
My partner Mike is 7 years and 2 days post liver transplant.Undetected since week 4.  Undetected 12 weeks post treatment.
So sorry to hear aboutSandia
A close relative has been sick for the past few months.  Diagnosed with cirrohsis and resulting ascites.  Non-malignant.  Early 60's. He is overweight and drank heavily for many years.  Had Hep C many years ago.  Some memory loss now.Thank you for any information you may provide.
Hi all,Thanks!
This sucks. My insurance company refused to pay for Xifaxan. I can't afford to pay out of pocket.
Hi, early last year due to a lot of personal problems I started daily drinking between 10-12 pints of lager a day starting about mid February 2017. I had an ultrasound done in May 2017 which showed a fatty liver, so I stopped drinking at the end of July and started eating right and exercising. I got a fibroscan done on the 26th of October 2017 by a Hepatologist and the reading was 3.9 Kpa and he said no damage, but Within the last 2 months I have had a couple of major traumas, which has caused me to relapse for 6 months daily drinking 10-12 lagers a day again (very irresponsible I know).  I just feel so hopeless, Could this have caused me to develop cirrhosis in this time? I am trying to stop now as I am very worried, but having such a tough time. Thanks in advance for any help.
Hello, 4 to 5 years, then a wrench got thrown at me with an emergency gall bladder surgery this past February 2018. My body just flipped upside down on me and I haven't been able to recover to my previous normal. I've been hospitalized with Peritonitis and C-Diff, which just added insult to injury. While in the hospital the option of the TIPS procedure had been mentioned to me by several GI Doctors and that I'm an excellent candidate for this. I will be scheduling this tomorrow on Friday 6/1/18, my concern is the after care and the ammonia levels being an issue among other things. I've already had some experience with Lactulose for 2 and 1/2 days. I was basically handcuffed to the toilet!!!! The worst substance I've ever had to deal with!! I really don't think I can go through that again, it really messed with my mental and emotional state. Any thoughts would be so greatly appreciated!!
Hello HW friends.Emma
The press has been following a new NON live virus shingles vaccine called Shingrix.Undetected since week 4.  Undetected 12 weeks post treatment.

 
hi, im 15...and i started to get this big itchy bump in between my testicles and butt crack (sorry for that..   a couple days later i noticed it bled just a little, then i looked at it and there was like this ock white/light brownish puss like stuff in it, sorta like a huge pimple, so i literally pulled it out with a napkin...and it started to go away.....this is the 2nd time i got one of these, it starts out like a bite, and it looks like a spider bite, then this puss comes...im NOT sexually active, im still a&nbsp;virgen.....i also have these spider bite like bump on the crease of the butt (that crease where your butt starts and your leg ends, that little fold)and its getting pretty big...
Sounds like you need to visit the doctor, don't just assume that you have hemorids unless you strain a lot when you have a BM...You are kind of young for that so be safe and get checked out.........good luck to you...
alright...i even went threw the embarrisment of showing my mom it.....but ima go to tha dr monday.anybody els, if u have any other opinions plz say.
I am 19 years old and have been having a lot of stomach issues lately so I am going in for a colonoscopy and endoscopy in two days.
Star13,
Thank you both for the replies. I really appreciate it.  waiting 30 minutes in between each.
I would also suggest that if you are instructed to consume a specific amount of fluids (I'm told to drink at least 64 ounces of fluids), try to drink these before your prep begins. At least half of them. I find that once I begin the laxative prep and it starts to work, I no longer want to keep drinking. I keep a log of how many fluids I consumed as the day progresses. Sometimes I fill a large 2 quart container of tap water and drink from it. That's another way to determine if I'm getting enough fluids.
Hi all,

IBS hit me like a pile of bricks almost 2 years ago and just recently I&nbsp;have been doing some research on parasites. I have been wondering if theirs a connection. Has anyone else done a parasite cleanse and have you seen a difference in your IBS symptoms? I'm very nervous to do a parasite cleanse because BM's are so painful for me! Not sure what to expect and I haven't seen a whole lot or anyone else ask the nasty question.    
After several years of progressively worsening symptoms, I finally had an ultrasound and was diagnosed with gallstones.&nbsp; I am scheduled for surgery in two weeks.&nbsp; My symptoms have been quite consistent with Keri's; however, I developed one symptom recently that my surgeon had not heard of.&nbsp; I will have sudden onset severe nausea followed a few seconds later by a sneeze, then voila the nausea magically disapears.&nbsp; This has happened several times since I found out about  
Hello, I went to a walk-in-clinic but the doctor was terrible. He just asked me if i was gay and when I said no then he said that I just don't wipe properly or don't finish my stool properly without taking a look at it and sent me away.
I've discovered that that happens to me since I've developed hemorrhoids.  I think they sort of catch some of the stool and it doesn't work its way out until we move around a bit.You could try using a hemorrhoidal suppository and see if that helps.
Lately Ive been getting really bad problems with trapped wind, the last time I had it, it lasted for 3 days.Meds- Vitamin D 5000iu, Peppermint oil capsule x1, Buscopan x3, Co-codamol when needed.
&nbsp; I got very sick about a year ago. The onset was nausea. I vommitted several times and was in and out of the ER for 3 weeks. The vomitting lasted a few days aswell as the fever..so it leads me to believe that I had a terrible stomach flu. But something did not feel right. Even though I stopped vommitting I continued to be sick as a dog with INTENSE nausea for 3 months! I had to quit my job temporarily. EVERY doctor just said i had the flu! after months the intense illness subsided but EVER SINCE that my body has never been the same. I experienced INTENSE panic attacks from being so scared from feeling nauseated. I get nauseated before and after I go #2(which most of the time I am in the bacthroom for a half hour EVERY TIME I HAVE A BOWEL MOVEMENT! ). Sometimes IT last a few min sometimes it last maybe an hour. it dictates my life. And while trust me nothing was as bad as when i was sick last year and i know other people have it much worse...its very annoying and at times scary. I hate feeling wiped, shaky, nauseated everyday. I am literally frightened of my own bowels because I know it leads to queeziness for a while. OH by the way I went to doctor after doctor and they ran blood test (celiac, chrones, endoscopy, colonoscopy...etc...all came back normal!!!) All they diagnosed me with was IBS. The only way I can calm my body from the wiped nauseated feeling is to take anxiety meds or anti nausea which i try very rarely i dont want to become dependant. I sometimes feel like I am the only one. I try to get to the root of the prob. What caused it how I can attack it naturally.
I don't do well with milk, and I've been increasing my use of Almond Breeze lately and seem to have much more diarrhea now, and gas and rumbling.Thanks.
I couldn't tolerate almond milk. It gave me bad cramps and oddly enough caused constipation. I now only drink organic 1% milk and so far so good.
Has anyone experienced loose watery stools with use of melatonin? I started taking 3 mg of melatonin about
Was advised by medical provider to use 1 3-mg tablet of Melatonin.  By morning, woke up with anxiety and nausea.  Stopped taking it after the one dosage.  24 hours later, bout of diarrhea.  So, I'm not attempting Melatonin again!  But is it Melatonin or the additives in the pill?  As my own advocate, the research continues......By the way....I read that MIT says that any does over 1 mg is too much.  So why do they sell doses at 3 mg, 5 mg, 10 mg...etc.   They state .3 to 1 mg is regular dose.  I ordered 1mg tabs from Walgreens on-line but won't be using it.  I'm sure it was the Melatonin but the additives may not help.
I started melatonin (10 mg) after a nurse friend told me how much it had helped her.  I started taking it about 5 days.  Diarrhea seems better, just cramping now.  Does anyone have suggestions on how to get rid of the gas? At least I hope it's gas! Have tried Pepcid, but doesn't seem to help.
 
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
I have been noticing recently that I have been finding sesame like particles in my stool. I never eat anything that would look like that.Its been 3.5 months of loose green stool. Could it be a parasite? I cant take this anymore. I had a one day stool sample, should I have collected stool longer?
Thank you Scaredy Cat,I don't have any of those other symptoms. I dont have it ever bowel movement but I have it probably 60 percent of the time. I have been having loose stools every single bowel movement for 3.5 months ,I am just trying to figure out what is wrong with me. Like I said in my other posts it came at a time when I was really down and had first panic attacks of my life, I am hoping it is all anxiety related, I really don't my mind to keep wandering to the other things it can be...mainly Colon C.
For the last couple of days I have been getting left sided twinges, mainly when I walk. Has anyone experienced this or know what it could be from?Thanks!

Hi and welcome!  
Hi unhappycramper (I love that username BTW :)
I can understand the pain.  Sugar alcohols give me constant, horrible cramps for two days solid.  Not to mention the diarrhea and the really loud stomach rumblings (feels and sounds like my intestines are trying to move into the next zip code).  Make sure you never, ever ingest any.  It's not good for normal people If it's sugar free (except for some jams and jellies which are naturally sweetened with grape juice), it's evil.  That goes for sugar free gum and breath mints too.  1 gram of that stuff really does me in.
Hi cramper,
I've never had a problem with popcorn, but anyone with diverticulitus (sp) has to be careful with nuts, kernels and seeds since that sort of thing can get lodged in the little intestinal pockets and cause a big problem.  My stepfather has to be careful aboutThe only other thing I can think of that might help you is a food-allergy test.  If you are allergic to something, that could have your bowels irritated to the point that they hurt even when you aren't eating your trigger food.
Hi runningrd,Take care.
The gallbladder thing is resolved - it's out!Thanks for your comments.  Take care.
He acted like that was too harsh.I skipped the apple today at lunch.  I had the same sandwich I eat everyday - a gluten free tortilla wrap with spinach and soy cheese with a handful of baby carrots and cherry tomatoes, water to drink.  Followed up with a special function at work where cake was involved - I just ate the frosting.  That was lunch...and it was loud, very gassy.  After dinner (a tuna sandwich, more carrots with hummus and a few bites of my sons meat sauce I make him - ground turkey and tomato) had a very small bm.  It's weird how it sinks!  I recently heard that if your stool sinks you're not getting enough fiber.  And no I don't mean stink.  Ever hear that?  Since I've been gluten free I'm sure my fiber intake is less.  Anyway now I feel ok, I just look a little bloated.  Do you think fiber caps are helpful?

Oh no, runningrd!&nbsp; It was Citrucel that I did that with too.&nbsp; I paid for it all night and even some the next morning.&nbsp; I was bloated, nauseous and had D.&nbsp; I  hope what happened to me doesn't/hasn't happened to you.&nbsp; Start off slow... work your way up to a normal sized dosage.&nbsp; With regular usage your bm's should start to bulk up.&nbsp; Good luck!&nbsp; Please come back and let us know how you survived your 1st dose.
I too have been experiencing severe cramping, gurgling noises in my stomach, along with severe cramping in the lower abdomianl area, &nbsp;like my stomach is empty or going to explode, which it does, when this is happening I have no control, it is a spastic expulsion, I experience nausea, sweats...and generally feel lousy for 2 days after these attacks, as long as the immodium kicks in i am "OK", after it wears off, I'm rite back were I was, this has been going on for&nbsp;the past 20 years. NO one knew what it was.&nbsp; I have done a lot of reading and dietary research and alternatives.&nbsp; BUt the past 9 months have been the worst.&nbsp; No food combinations, teas or soluable fiber seem to help for long. I've been taking digestive aides, along w/ fiber and an anti D may have a few days of relief w/o immodium, but then I'm right back to regular D attacks, were I can't hold it. I fear going too far from home, just driving to work creates a fear and I get an attack, I"ve tried anti anxiety drugs, zannies, everything..accupuncture gives me temporary comfort, but there must be something for the physic to reduce the anxiety of having an "accident" and able to eat food, not baby food, and have a better quality of life.&nbsp; I exercise regulary, and am in great health otherwise, just tired and depressed I've had no break..any suggestions would be greatly appreciated..here's to feeling better
Hey Patrisha! I totally understand how you feel...my IBS is very similar to yours, except I dont have as bad of attacks as you and Immodium doesnt keep me constipated for more than a day! Anyway, I really know how you feel about most almost never come true. With IBS, its crazy crazy. And maybe someday they'll come up with special foods for us! haha just keep your head up I know how hard it is...:)
Runningbrd, about it and she said that was just an urban legend.&nbsp; All poop is supposed to sink.&nbsp; She said if it floats, it has too much gas in it or something else is wrong with it.&nbsp; 
Hi everyone,Thanks so much!
Hello everyone !
So glad to find that I am not the only one with the burning butt. Sometimes it is so bad I want to scream and cry at the same time. Frequently it will wake me up at night and then it burns so bad I can't go back to sleep. I have tried many ointments, creams, diaper rash ointments, vaseline, etc, etc. Hemorrhoid cream was so painful I won't try it again. zinc oxide - must be 40% - did help some but not enough. I had my colon removed 5 1/2 years ago. I do not have a bag but have a &quot;J&quot; pouch. Dr created that to resemble my colon. Does anyone else experience this blazing burning. Feels like someone put a hot poker to my butt. I saw some people mentioned a cream(?) they got off Amazon made in China that seems to help. Am 
Hello everyone.  Thanks
I read somewhere that IBS can last up to two months at a time which is definitely the case with me this time around. I have had flareups on and off over the years but this time it's going on for months, with a few days here and there where I felt pretty normal.  Most of the time however something is bothering me… It's either constipation or odd pains in my lower abdomen and sometimes my upper abdomen and even sometimes in my lower back. Then I might have a few days where I'm not  constipated but the bow movements are weird… I might start out with a normal bowel movement, and then a few hours later have what almost like diarrhea and then still have the feeling that I have to go but nothing is happening. It just seems like an endless cycle that will never  get back to normal.   And the minute I veer from a pretty strict diet I definitely know it will act up. The only medication I take is Nexium for my Gerd. Are you prescribed something for your IBS and what are your experiences with IBS?
I was diagnosed with ID S over 20 years ago and have had flareups every few years since then. This time around seems to be worse than usual. For a few weeks I was constipated and had a real rough time having a bowel movement.  Since then I have developed a dull pain, on and off, in my lower left abdomen and lower back. I read that long term constipation can cause diverticulitis so I'm wondering  if I might have developed diverticulitis or is this just another symptom of IBS?  I noticed that some of you have stated you have pain at times in your lower left abdomen and even in your lower back in that area so I'm looking for any advice you can give me .   I sometimes feel I can trust your advice even more than a doctor. Thanks for listening.

It has been 6 years since my life radically changed.  I battled IBS for 9 years of my life having to quit 6 different jobs due to my symptoms and was even house bound for 1 year. I tried every medication and therapy I could find during those 9 years including hyperbaric oxygen but to no avail.  The only treatment which successfully treated my IBS was amitriptyline. I was never offered this medication as an option for my IBS during those 9 years even though many studies support its effectiveness.  I requested that my doctor prescribe this drug after finding success stories on similar IBS forums. It was extremely sedating for the first 4-6 weeks but I slowly adjusted over time. I was not convinced it was improving my condition until about  I am wondering if others have had a similar experience as I have with not ever being offered this type of drug.  During those 9 years I was prescribed many different anitidepressants (mostly SSRIs) even though support for these medications is very small compared to numerous studies which support amitriptyline use for IBS-D.  I am now 37 years old and living a full life. I discontinued using this medication 2 years ago and my IBS has not returned.  I would like to hear from anyone who has had a similar experience.
Every single time I have a bm, I am EXTREMELY hungry!! I have real bad IBS and try to watch what I eat.  I don't really eat a whole lot and my eating tends to be spaced hours apart because I don't have much of a hunger trigger.  I don't always know when I'm hungry until I am starving. Does this happen to others?  What is the cause?
Has anyone cured of HIT? How? Thanks
My children are on the SCD diet and currently I make ketchup at home due to the refined sugar and lengthy ingredients.  I just learned that Hellmann's came out with a ketchup sweetened only with honey.  I called and verified ingredient list.  Has anyone else tried this ketchup?Thanks!
I have been suffering from lumbar spinal stenosis for a few years, worse on the LEFT side.  The pain is controlled by gabapentin since PT and acupuncture did not help a great deal,  Eight months ago I developed very severe shingles on my inner LEFT thigh. I now have post herpetic neuralgia that causes numbness and burning again on my LEFT thigh.  Recently I started having pain in the lower LEFT quadrant of my abdomen after a few bouts with chronic constipation.  CT scan showed mild diverticulosis, so I am eating a high fiber diet.  The pain is intermittent.  I believe that in addition to the diverticulosis,  the post herpetic neuralgia and the lumbar spinal stenosis are causing some of the pain in my lower LEFT side. Bowel movements are now normal.  I would appreciate your thoughts.Alex31
Hi I am very stressed and worried that it's something bad. I guess it's probably cancer, but I'm still worried.
Hi folks. I’m a 31 year old male who started noticing some discomfort (not pain, not cramping...I don’t think) aboutAny idea from anyone of what I may have would be appreciated.
Back pain from IBS?I read recently that one of the symptoms of IBS can be back pain. It says that you might feel like you pulled a muscle.  And that's exactly the way it feels. It's  on my right side  between my hip and my rib cage  near my waist.and it is not A horrible pain  but it definitely ask up after eating. I don't believe it's my kidney because it's not high up enough and the pain is not that severe as with kidney stones. Does anyone else experience this? I would appreciate your feedback
ve been having stomach issues for 3 months at first it was only upper abdominal pain and stomach gas and noises hyper active bowel noises and loss of appetite I’m a hypochondriac i overthink everything so I went to the ER got blood test came normal doctor said he thinks I have a stomach ulcer and gastritis they gave me medicine and the pain went away but the stomach noises stayed and sometimes my lower belly felt tight sometimes left side sometimes right also still low appetite also I was pooping 3-4 times a day compared to my usual 1-2 occasionally 3 they were all solid normal stools . overthinking everything I went to the doctor and got another blood test an x rays which came out normal dr said i should take a stool softener and stop stressing so I did . The tightness was still there sometimes as well as the stomach noises 1 day this lady convinced me I could have colon cancer so I looked up symptoms and stories that was the worst thing I could have done I began overthinking massive anxiety my symptoms got worse i began having diarrhea sometimes and always feeling the urge to poop I eventually saw a GI doctor and he told me I was crazy for thinking I have colon cancer and told me it’s stress and anxiety causing all this with my stomach after that my stress was still high i got more blood test which came out normal I also got my stool checked for blood twice and that came out normal no blood in stool i got a cat scan and it came out normal no tumors or inflammation all the doctors told me it’s most likely stress causing all this 1 dr said it could me IBS causing my stomach noises and stomach tightness an occasional diarrhea he also said that he doesn’t think it’s nessicary to do a colonoscopy because I’m not pooping blood and I don’t really have pain and my test are normal but it’s all I think about it why else could I be having all these stomach noises
Hello Everyone, 
Cancer of colon stage1 with total colectomy I am female 71 years old. Recently been surgery for total colectomy . I am treated with anti diarrhoea medications and Fybogel to soften the stool. I have 5 to 6 x passing stool every day and able to hold the stool at night till the next day. Any members have the same condition with me?Please share your experience whether the stool will be more firm and able to hold and pass out once or twice a day . How to cope your quality of life that is  are you able to travel ? What type of food to eat to make the stool nor firm .Thanks.
I have been having to deal with a lot of health issues lately and since I have an overwhelming health anxiety, it's on overload right  now. Even though I have always been a hypochondriac, I never went to the doctor because of my overwhelming fear  but now my family is putting a lot of pressure on me, as they've noticed I've been complaining about being so fearful when so many people have horrific things to deal with  but this is all that all new to me and scary as hell. It seems my mind is constantly thinking the worst and I need some suggestions for coping.
My Gastro Dr--has always given me &quot;Librax&quot;  (generic)  for my IBS flareups--(By &quot;Flareups&quot;  mean loose bowel..& esp crampy pain)-But- as I already am taking Valium (for anxiety)  I don't wanna take anything that also has a Benzo  medication-  Librax  has  &quot;Librium&quot;--5  mg..! Rob
A  quick  PS-  to my other post-  re:  Over The Counter products that help IBS  flares-Rob


Medications to help alleviate the symptoms of IBS:*, IBS, Diverticuliar Disease, Fibro, Sacroiilitis, Raynauds, OA, PA, Rosacea, Psoriasis, Dry Eye and allergies controlled by Zyrtec and Singular



I had it every morning just like you, and thereafter had a kind of feeling that it is not done yet and the need to go for 2nd round usually set in aboutAre you having the same kind of routine as well?

I have D everyday as well and have it it for 10 or more years.&nbsp; Once a month I might have a normal movement, but then followed by D.&nbsp; You just have to keep trying to find what works for you.&nbsp; I take Lomotil and Imodium daily and never eat until I am home for good for the day around 4:00.&nbsp;&nbsp; The older I get (I'm 50) the harder it is to do that, but what other choices do we have.&nbsp; Good luck.
Hi Shelly,&nbsp;


Hi Shelly,&nbsp;
OK, since we're talkin' poop details, I will add that you guys have described mine perfectly and also have the similar routine.  Although seem to be improving of late after 7 months of this.  Sadly, I did let the situation take over my life and am currently in therapy and looking to get my life back soon.sami
I go anywhere from 1x to 10 x a day.  It is 95% of the time D.  It all started for me about it.  I basically do not go anywhere other then to work and home.  Work is a constant battle because I have an hour commute each way.  Let me tell you sometimes...alot of the time....ok. all the time.....I break the speed limit just to make it home.
Hi Pandacrazy,  I was actually on Chloridiazepoxide/Clidiniom and it seemed to help (some) for aboution for Asacol yesterday.  I have not started taking it yet.  I have not tried the Lomotil.

I did really well on the Asacol when I took it for ulcertive colitis. It made my diarrhea go away and the cramping. My problem is everything I take seems to give me heartburn. That's why I am afraid to take it again. I found out today that it maybe my new med for asthma singulair causeing some of the heartburn. It can't hurt to try asacol. I took my chlordioxepide/clidium caps and gas-x in the hopes of escaping that horrible pain tonight. I am ehausted and had cramps all day. I just thought of something else you might want to try. You could ask your doc about&nbsp;Elavil.&nbsp;It is a antidepressent that has the side effect of constipation and it helps with pain. I never got constipated from it though. I had taken it for fibromyalgia. It also helps you sleep. If they can't come&nbsp;up with something better to help me I may consider taking that again. I took 50mg pills which is a low dose. You can also start out with 25mg. It will make you real tired at first until you get used to it. Barb&nbsp;

hi- have any of you been tested for c-dif?
I have diarrhea everyday as soon as I wake up...no matter what I eat. I know I'm also lactose intolerant so I stay away from full cream milk. I hate this.
Hi yellow_rose,
I had alot od diagrea for 10 yrs,but it really got bad in Nov.last year.I lost nearly 50 lbd.I had a Colonoscopy,IBS The Dr put me on Pamine Forte 5 mg.I've been fine since.
Hi,
Hi Victoria, &nbsp; How long does it take for your stomach to stop feeling this way? Usually it takes the brain like 20 minutes to register that it has food in it.
I get really hungry sometimes right after I have attacks and have been in the bathroom a couple of times even though I ate dinner less than an hour before 
I have the exact same problem... What is the answer? :(
This is great news.&nbsp; I have benefited greatly from the Crohn's forum. Welcome everyone!!

Hi Judy,Dx'd with Crohns 1984 and polycystic kidney disease in 1996
Hello all.....  Irishmom4 you are the first person on this board that I have posted too that has PKD.  Wow! I'm still in shock!  When you said OUCH I fully understand.  I'm still coming to the acceptence of this disease.  Mine is not going well.  My PKD has caused nerve damage.  So all my kidneys read is pain all the time from peeing, sleeping to moving.39 yr young female with,
Just a thought...how about it may learn something or maybe even ask their doctor if that is what they are dealing with!?
That is a great idea I will start one when I get off work today.  Thats is IrishMom4 hasn't already.  Whoever gets there first..lol39 yr young female with,
Hi All!I am not the best eater and know that is something that needs to be worked on as well as drinking more water. I have to be careful with vitamins and supplements because of PKD and Crohns... But does anyone have recommendations or things that have worked for you?
Hi all. I have been having issues lately so I thought I would ask the experts.... you. Since October I have had spells when I generally feel unwell. I&nbsp;feel weak, achy and drained. I felt some back pain so each time I took a AZO test. Each time the test turned purple which means the evidence of leukocytes. I went to my GP the first time because I was going out of town the same day and she put me on an antibiotic without testing my urine. It happened two months later so I contacted my nephrologist and he sent me for a urinalysis and it showed mixed flora and he too put me on an antibiotic. Now here I am again in the same situation so I&nbsp;went in for meds. The nurses practioner said that she saw only a small level of WBC in my urine but gave me Levaquin which I hate. She called me back two days later and said it was only mixed flora which is no big deal and normal. So my question is..... what is mixed flora? If it is "normal" why do they put me on antibiotics? Should I ignore AZO tests and wait until I have a fever or am in extreme pain? It's not like I enjoy going to the doctor and being on meds. I just want to feel better. Thanks for your help!!
Hey Elizabeth! If I am understanding mixed Flora correctly, I believe it is bacteria contamination. Sometimes bacteria will get in the cup before you can urinate in it, or bacteria from the moist toweltte or even skin bacteria, which isn't a big deal. Sometimes I will have that in my specimans and sometimes I won't. I know they can distinguish the difference when looked under a microscope. I acutally have some 2 weeks ago and they told me it wasnt serious, just some outside bacteria got in it. Does that make since??
I have ongoing UTI symptoms ever since being exposed to high levels of black mold four years ago. I have seen  a urologist who referred me to his nurse practitioner who gave me antibiotics, which worked for a while, then she referred me to another urologist, who took me off cranberry pills/juice and suggested lemon water and probiotics. I was symptom free for about 2 months, and now all the symptoms are back again, although the urine specimen only shows &quot;mixed urogenital flora&quot; and no bacteria that needs treatment. If I take peridium or nitrourontin, symptoms go away, but as soon as I stop taking either, all symptoms return within 2 days. I am at my wits end. I have felt miserable for 4 years now and don't know what else to do or pursue.  Any suggestions? Thanks.
this is something very embarassing and needed to ask privately on here before talking to anyone else about this... I have noticed that the past few months my sweat smell mike pee. 
i take it no one has had this happen to them.. see that is why i am afarid to tell my doctor about
Hey there! YOu deffinatly need to talk to your doctor about
My wife had a brush with kidney cancer last year, and survived it with surgery. All of one kidney was saved, and most of the other.
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Hello.. as the title says. i have been drinking a lot of water but no urine.. i passed stools yesterday it was watery-diarrhea and i urinated alot now i feel abdomen bloated-stretched.. i urinated 2 days ago it was dark yellow-light red but when i urinated yesterday it was fine.. Should i be worried?
Hi all,
In 2014 I was getting an ultrasound of my kidneys to check for cysts when the technician stopped, left the room, came back with the face of doom and told me she wanted to take a few more pictures, just in case ... I knew something was up, and I was right, this was an historical moment in my personal history - the day everything started to go to hell. The shadow she saw was a tumor, and in Jan. 2015, I underwent a partial nephrectomy of my right kidney. Seen in my left kidney at the time was another tumor, but it was only half the size of a little fingernail - so we went on a wait-and-see basis for a while. It went from fingernail to golf-ball size between CAT scans, at which point (April of this year) I was scheduled for a relatively new approach in kidney surgery involving slushy ice and a crack team of kidney wizards in Oakland ... but when they If nothing else, hopefully you'll be able to look at my story and say, &quot;Well, at least I'm better off than that guy ...&quot; If you are in worse shape, then please accept my heart-felt sympathies ... I'll be in worse shape soon, my doctors assure me. Thanks for listening.
Hi everyone. Back in September I had uti infection that came back as Ecoli. I was given augmentin And after 10 days of that my bladder frequency urgency and burning were all better But I was still having kidney pain in both kidneys So the doctor wanted me to take 5 more days of the augmentin. After the 5 days I was still having kidney pain In both kidneys As if that wasn't bad enough I ended up in the ER with a kidney stone blocked in my ureter. 
I ask because my 15-year-old cat has had CKD for close to 4 years and is in the end stage. I give him daily subcutaneous fluids and potassium. Is it an unpleasant or painful disease, or only at the end?Thank you for answering my question.
I recently went online and checked my husbands blood test results.I'm just trying to make some sense of why this test is High.
kkkk
Hi...
I’m 28 years old trying to have a baby. I was diagnosed with lupus when I was 14 years old. I had 2 kidney transplant since then. My kidney is healthy and me and my husband starting trying this last week. I’m easily prone to UTIs. Which is very bothersome. I’m always worried. Does anyone has similar problems? I just need to talk to someone who would understand what I’m going through. I talk to my friends and my husband but I feel like they don’t understand, but they just want to support me and tell me positive words....
Not sure if this is the right place to mention this but I'm having bouts where I'll need to go pee more often. What's strange though is that this is intermittent. So I'll have three or more days maybe where I'm totally fine, normal urination, no urge etc. then suddenly the next day I'll have this bout where I'll go a few times in succession, like every 2 hours or so. During this time my pee is clear, almost white colour but what's bothering me is why this is happening randomly. I haven't changed my diet or fluid intake. Still no pain or burning or anything severe before or after peeing. Maybe it is what it is but it's really normal for me. Usually I'll only need to pee aboutSo have no idea what to do apart from going back to doctor and requesting an urologist apt. God knows how long that will take. The only thing I could attribute it to is the remeron / mirtazapine but if these are side effects from that then I wasn't getting them when I started it 2 months ago.
I am 42 yr old female stage 3a (CKD) 1.2 Creatine 47 GFR 22 BUN my Dr. sent me to a kidney specialist last week since she had noticed my creative levels were slightly elevating with every blood test. I have high blood pressure that we have been trying to control. I thought the Dr. would talk about
I'm 34, male and for more than 2 months now I've been experiencing some strange, vague symptoms which are actually hard to describe as there is no pain or anything severe physically. I realise none of you can diagnose on here but from what you're reading does this relate at all?  Does this sound like some kind of bladder issue/sensitivity?
I've been noticing my urine seems to sometimes be sticky mostly during a bowel movement. Could I have seman leakage during bowel movements? If so what can I do to stop it from happening?
I have been having uti symptoms for over 2 months now with no uti. Docs cannot find any signs of infection, but they do say my red blood cell count is high. This last week i have had 3 urine tests and they all show crystals in my urine. They said possible kidney stone. My issue is, i had a CT scan with contrast in the beginning of the month that showed NO stones. Every thing looked normal. The doc on the phone said that the scan would have seen it if it was there. I am waiting to see the gynecologist this thursday and I'm freaking out! Im a 32 year old single mother, and never had any issues like this till around xmas when this all started. I never had any kidney pain. Its all in my pelvis and burns when i pee. Anyone have a ct scan miss a stone? Also no matter how much water i dribk, my urine is bright yellow and smells strong (not foul)
I have no worries regarding this, but I do have a question regarding a blood test result called the BUN Creatinine Ratio.  Just to set the table, in June, 2016, I had a robotic partial nephrectomy to remove a malignant lesion on my right kidney.  about it.
Has anyone had a kidney transplant & few months later get liver failure
Hi  any body tell me the kidney diseas. My Creatine level is 4.2 . I want to know what are the symptoms happen  in this case.
I am age 27 and I was just diagnosed by my doctor I am on CKD stage 2 couple days ago. When he passed me the report my hands were shaking. I could never imagine my kidney fail in such early age. I am just wondering am I still able to live? Or I will die couple years later.
Hey everyone, my name is Yessenia and I had a kidney and a liver transplant 9 months ago (:I will start taking 5 mg daily as of Monday.
Hello - I have a 4 mm stone stuck in mid ureter for 10+ weeks.  Previously have passed 4 mm stones and smaller.   
Hi everyone, Carol
Hi,Thanks,Tom
I don't understand the titer and what it means. My doctor told me mine is positive but didn't say whether it was high or low, and at the time, I didn't know to ask.My friend who is a nurse said she has seen more false positive ANA tests than anything, so I wonder if it could be false positive?
***ANA Titers and Patterns

Thanks Sabintha!&nbsp;&nbsp;Since the last post, I was diagnosed with Raynaud's and I was negative for MS and a few other conditions.&nbsp; I haven't had my ANA Titer checked since, but I am very curious if it is still high.&nbsp; What are some of the symptoms that you had with Hypothyroidism?&nbsp; How was it diagnosed?

hi i was just wondering how doodlebee is going, i came accross this as i got the exact same blood results as you the other week, i have seen a rhuematologist and have been told he doubts i have lupus, but was not very helpful with detemining what the cause of the blood tests were. i also had a back xray that showed degenerative disc disease. i was wondering if doodlebee was diagnosed with anything as maybe i could have the same thing.

All threads posted are very interesting.  about 1per month.  The more I research the scarey its becoming.  I don't have symptoms such as pain in joints nor any other pain -- however I do experience weight fluxuation and not even having the urge to uninate, even after 3 bottle sof 16 oz waters -- love it' (hate sodas). I call myself being a healthy eater.  My diet is simple, not to much fried but a lot of veggies -- love em'.  Not sure if this fits this forum, but any and all responses are welcome. May be able to share with my NEW Dr.....we really gotta figure something out!!!  Thanks.
There are a number of auto-immune diseases that have positive ANA readings.   Until you get to a rheumatologist, it's pretty much a guess - the final diagnosis has to do with symptoms - there are no definitive tests that absolutely say &quot;yes&quot; or &quot;no&quot; to lupus.  The rheumies are the ones with the education and the experience to diagnosis and treat auto-immune diseases - the other drs really aren't qualified.&quot;Life is far too important to be taken seriously&quot; - Oscar Wilde
Hello,I am new on this forum.I have High ANA everything else is fine when it came to bloodwork.Even though i still battle&nbsp;with many of these conditions you all have.I recently found out&nbsp; that it was all happening because of Celiac and some food allergies.Have any of you been tested for this? Or even tried to&nbsp; go gluten free for awhile to see if symptoms subside?
Please help. I got my diagnosis 2 weeks ago of mixed connective tissue disease. (I know its not Lupus but I didn't know where else to turn). I also suffer badly from Raynauds. I have been put on blood pressure meds (I can't remeber the name) and arcoxin, as well as getting a systemic cortasone injection. I can deal with this diagnosis no problem normally, however my husband is being very difficuly lately, we have hardly spoken in a week&nbsp;since&nbsp;we&nbsp;had a fight. We are only married just over a year, and I know I've been difficult&nbsp;and grumpy&nbsp;because I've been in pain and trying to deal with my illness. I said I realised this and that I was sorry and wanted to sort things out and he just said whats the point it won't change. Anyway my point is, since this fight I have been getting more and more stressed and worried and crying every night, and I have noticed that Im beginning to get very sore joints again and headaches. I also don't want to eat at all. Can stress cause my symptoms to get worse? Please help I don't want to flare again!
Lynn,
stress is your enemy. explain that to hubby, actually take him to see the rheumy and have your illness explained to him in full. Seriously once he fully understands then he might be less stressful. Most men hate things they can't fix and if they love you and can't fix it it gets worse.Tx: plaquenil, Enbrel, Tramadol, Singulair, Skelaxin, Baby Asprin, Imuran,&nbsp;Prilosec, lasix, Evoxac, Celebrex, Darvocet when things get too bad, prednisone&nbsp;again, various vitamin/mineral supplements, cozar
So you found our forum, but do you know about
How to get the most out of a short Dr. visit.
My doctor put me on Plaquenil. 400 milligrams a day. Will not give me a Lupus dx.. Any other reason a person will use Plaquenil? I have sun induced rashes and painful hip joints and burning in the very low back area. all lupus type blood testing has came back negative as well two skin biopsies.  I feel like the doc is pacifying me. Any advice?? Also, is intestinal distress a side effect of plaquenil??
Thanks everyone. I am not seeing a rheumatologist. Just a dermatologist. I did not have Gi upset initially but have it pretty bad now about 3 weeks in. The Plaquenil has totally cleared my skin minus my scalp. But the hip and lower back muscle pain are still very severe. Guess I'll be demanding to see a rhuemologist now. Thanks again.
My rheumy said that my muscle enzymes are elevated...He said my enzymes were at 460 i think...is that really high or just a little higher than normal? Do I need to be concerned? I feel kind of left in the dark right now with all these tests and diagnoses up in the air =[
Hi, I am looking for someone who has Lupus Panniculitus.&nbsp; I've had it for 11 years and the Drs. have tried so many things and nothing seems to work.&nbsp; I need support.&nbsp; No one I know has this.&nbsp; No support groups even for Lupus in my area.&nbsp; I live in NE.&nbsp; I've had many biopsies and been to Mayo's three times.&nbsp; I have red sore lumps from my neck to my knees.&nbsp; These cause great pain.&nbsp; After a while they seem to be growing together and calcify.&nbsp; I've even had chemo for 8 months.&nbsp; I get terrible rashes, very itchy, last one was on my left arm from just above the elbow to my wrist.&nbsp; I'm on plaquenil and 5 mg of predisone.&nbsp; I'm also in a drug study which is not helping me either.&nbsp; I hope someone will email me that I can talk to.&nbsp; Thank you.
Hey all:DX- RA, Lupus, Fibro, LGL Leukemia, Pulmonary Hypertension, Bells Palsy, Gastroparsis, Blood Clots, Cateracts, Glaucoma, Chronic Pericarditis & Pleurisy, Severe Anemia.  Way to many medications to list.
Hello to one and all of my wonderful HW family:DX- RA, Lupus, Fibro, LGL Leukemia, Obstructive & Central Sleep Apnea, Pulmonary Hypertension, Bells Palsy, Gastroparsis, Blood Clots, Glaucoma, Chronic Pericarditis & Pleurisy, Severe Anemia.  Way to many medications to list.
Hello, I have discoid cutaneous lupus (lupus of the skin) and my case is quite mild (2 patches on my face). I'm Currently on anti-malarial and steroid cream.Thanks! :)
Hey Everyone!!Thanks!!
Hello all, Thank you kindly to all. Sending health to everyone.
Hi, allI've been diagnosed with lupus for 1 year. Like other people with lupus, I've also been prescribed Prednisone, Plaquenil and vitamin D3 for 4-5 months. Lupus symptoms have been reduced a little. However, after finishing the treatment course, I continue to develop fatigue and knee pain. Should I take them again to lessen these symptoms?????
To begin I am a 27 year old active female. My mother has Rheumatiod Artritis and my grandmother had Osteoarthritis, Cancer also runs very high in the females on my mothers side. 
Hello, 
I have been having extreme hip pain that goes down my legs for months now, as well as back and neck pain. I chalked it up to lupus, RA and fibro, which it very well may be, I figure it is inflammation related.  Within the last 6 months I’ve also been dealing with some issues with my throat where I feel like it’s closing, have a hard time swallowing at times and wake up at night coughing.  Anyway, this evening I received some information from my younger 1/2 sister whom I do not have much contact with, she told me that her twin brother was diagnosed with polymyositis a few months back.  And that she was in the process of under going testing herself because of issues she was having with her esophagus and heart. Melissa
I have Lupus and Hep C, my insurance says I'm not sick enough to qualify for Harvoni so they won't prescribe the treatment for me.  My Dr said previously he won't treat my Lupus until I treat my Hep C.  Has anyone ever been in this situation.  I feel like I was run over by a truck and no one seems to be able to treat me.   Thank you in advance for any help at all.  Necee
i have had teeth pain for about 3 month. Went to 3 dentists ,ent,rheumotology, periodontist .no one can figure out why all my teeth are hurting. Has anyone had that problem.
Friends,&quot;Life is far too important to be taken seriously.&quot; - Oscar Wilde
I had a test ran today to check for possible lupus.  the results were &lt;0.5.  I don't know what that means?  can someone please explain
Hello. I have had Lupus for aboutCate
two years ago my Titer result was 320 with speckled blood and positive ana, now my Titer is at 80, what can that mean, i still get dry eyes, stiff back, knees that hurt
I saw my rheumatologist on Monday and he told me he is classifying me as “active refractory disease” I was taken back because I did not know what this really meant. He said that essentially he’s out of treatment options for me at this time.  Treatment of patients with Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE) who have active disease refractory to current therapeutic strategies continues to be a real challenge. Melissa
For those on IVIg, what if any side effects have you had? I just restarted my infusions again. Had my first one on Thursday and woke Friday morning with a wicked headache, so bad that I could not move my head without throwing up. The weird thing was that when I threw up I did not throw up one once of food, it was straight bile, and tons of it. Then the diarrhea started and I was throwing up at the same time, it was horrendous! Then the chills set in, I literally could not get warm, I laid there dressed in sweats, layered in blankets and the heating pad on, freezing. Today I I had the headache and nausea until about 6 hours. I asked them why and they said that’s pretty standard. The clinic has recently changed computer systems so they do not have records on my infusion schedule from last Fall which is most frustrating. Sorry for the long post. I’ve just been so  deathly sick I just need some advice if anyone else has been through this or if is totally something out of the norm. I’m going to call my doctor on Monday.
Hello everyone, I started Imuran 13 days ago. I'm suffering from an acid stomach and reflux. Please advise
Anyone here taking Trazodone?  I've been taking it for over 15 years for sleep, 300 mg every night.
I am 29, white male. After severe symptoms, my neurologist sent me to do ANA and it turns out positive, 1:160 speckled. They automatically did Anti dsDNA (negative), Anti nRNP/Sm &lt; 2.0 , Anti Smith &lt; 2.0After whole day of searching, I have yet to see such results with negative lupus
I recently had the Avise test and result came back positive lupus result 0.3 many of the tests look negative, I don’t see my Dr til July. All I got was a call to tell me result was positive and I’m already on medicine so I’ll learn more at my fup. Anyone know anything about this?
I know that we must cover up from  the sun light when you have lupus, but do we need to still cover up for cloudy days?
WHAT DOES TEST RESULTS FROM STACLOT LA mean when its results are The ANA test is positive and speckled
I have been referred to a rheumatologist and have appt. in august.  Smith (Sm) Antibody - 25 - high
Pls Hlp.  I woke up this morning with this horrible excruciating pain in both forearms .  The pain was so bad it woke me up .  I guess the only way I can describe it is it almost feels like it’s in my bone .  I generally have no pain in my arms.  There is no swelling or redness And no pain to touch.  I did not injure my arms yesterday or even pick up anything heavy .  I do frequently wake up stiff in the mornings. I took a meloxicam this morning and I am praying it works. This has been going on since I woke up an hour ago. It’s debilitating and so painful. Thank you
Just some background. I was diagnosed with lupus a year ago, late onset.  Fibromyalgia about 5 years ago. Mindy disease 2 years ago. My kidneys have gone down to 30%. 2 failed back surgeries. Spinal stenosis. Arthritis in my back, all my small joints and hips. Need some advice. My lupus is kicking my butt and I think my fibro is also at work. Both legs from hips to feet feel like I've run a mile just walking to the bathroom. It doesn't feel like the arthritis as much as the nerves. My nerves feel like thier on fire. I used to run track and I swear it feels just like when I finished running. Could this be my fibro? My legs also feel like there is electrical charges going down my them and arms. It may sound strange but for the last 2 weeks I've had to do everything in 10 (of less) minute increments. The only reason I'm leaving my chair is to take out the dogs. If I get a shower I feel like I've done some great feat. I've lost eight pounds in a week because I can't eat. I had spinal injections a few weeks ago. This is the first time in 15 years they don't seem to be working. I would like to go see the doc and get a prednisone shot, but the effort is too great.   My husband doesn't understand my reasoning. Anyway sorry for the rant. Has anyone experienced this exhaustion in your legs, the burning and electric like shooting down legs and arm. Is this the lupus, the fibro or maybe both? Also how do you manage to get important things accomplished?  My house can almost be labeled a disaster area. There are only 3 people living here, but right now it looks like a dozen. I need any advice you have. Thank You all in advance. God Bless You and keep You in His hands.
Hello all. Hoping you are all doing well.Thanks Tuffymason
i was getting ready for bed a few hours ago, and looked to see if the hives on my leg had left any redness --&nbsp;i tried really hard to leave them along, and thankfully, i didn't break the skin.
I just went to Answer.com and this is what I found.Petechiae in adults should always be quickly investigated. They can be interpreted as Vasculitis, an inflammation of the blood vessels, which requires immediate treatment to prevent permanent damage. Some malignancies can also cause petechiae to appear. In anyone over eighteen, petechiae should be investigated by a physician within a day or so to rule out the more dangerous conditions. Dermatologists can be the most helpful specialists in these conditions, because they can more easily identify if the condition is petechiae or some similar looking but less worrisome rash.
Does anyone know what causes blood clots?  I just had one in my leg and it gave me a stroke (went to my brain)  I want to do whatever i cn to not have any more.thanks for any advice.
Always Rosie  :
Dear Kids,
Is this the idea behind prednisone and moon face:&nbsp; the higher the dose and the longer you are on it, the more likely you are to get moon face?&nbsp; Silly question, I know, but, I have been on prednisone for almost 4 weeks @ 40 mg/day without any sign of moon face...............until today.&nbsp; I don't know if it's really there or that I am just anticipating that it will happen eventually.&nbsp; My husband says that he doesn't see it, but, unless it was really noticable, he wouldn't say anything to keep me less anxious about it.&nbsp; I am scheduled to go down to 30 mg./day on this week (yes!), and in two weeks down to 20mg./day.&nbsp; I am anticipating getting down to below 10 mg./or lower to get rid of other side effects.&nbsp; 
Hi Tammy:
thanks so much for the feedback.  I am not a terribly vain person, but, up until I have been ill, I always prided myself on being extremely active and fit and taking good care of myself.  It's not the end of the world, I know, and if it will go away, that is good news for me.
Hi Tammy,
Ok what is moon face?????
Hi Tammy.&nbsp; I also have a round face and if I smell prednisone I get moon face.&nbsp; If I'm on more than 15mg I get the buffalo hump like Barb describes.&nbsp; What is moon face?&nbsp; Kind of like a round&nbsp;face with the areas&nbsp;between your jaw line and your cheek bones (jowls) puffed out like a&nbsp;croaking toads.&nbsp; My moon face disappears quickly once&nbsp;I can no longer sniff the prednisone.&nbsp; I'm having a bad flare right now and when I complained to my rheumy that I&nbsp;hate prednisone, all he said was, "Everyone does."&nbsp; The&nbsp;"too bad" was implied.&nbsp; &nbsp; 
I can't tell you all how much these little notes help!!!  My husband and friends want to and think that they do understand what this is like, but, like most anything, no one ever knows exactly how something feels unless you have experienced it first hand.  I had heard about
Thanks for explaining what it was. I am on Pred. now 60mg for 2 days 40 for 2 and 20 for 2. My drs do not want me on it all the time due to family history with it. I take it when the flairs are bad. I keep some at home. Thanks for the info . I did notice lots of red in the mask aria since on it and sugar leval elivated for 90's to 130's over night, and not sleeping.
When I started tapering off 60mg of prednisone I was anxious to lose the moon face and all my puffiness and remember mentioning it to my rheumy.  She told me that it varies from person to person but that in some people it can take up to a few months for it to completely go away after going off pred.  So I wouldn't be too concerned if it doesn't go away right away, but eventually it will.  Hang in there.  It's miserable, I know!
Goldenwings~  Thanks for the good news!  I was very happy that I hadn't developed the moon face/weight gain for the 3 weeks that I was initially on it.  Funny how most people said that it was around the 1 month marker that it gradually started -- I'm in my 4th week right now!!!  Today I started the weaning process going down from 40 mg. to 30 mg. for two weelks -- its amazing how exciting that is!!!!!!!  
i think pretty much everyone dislikes prednisone, but its the best thing that helps (atleast for me) but i do hate hate hate predinose, even though i dont really have a choice on taking it, but we do what we gotta do.  and i dont think its really fair to compare what we have to cancer patients, that's like comparing apples to oranges, two totally different things (in my opinion).  I use to work in an oncologist (cancer doc) office as a medical assistant before my transplant, and they use to do the chemo treatments right in the office, and just like us, some had it easier than others, but they hated it too. i am now down from 60mg to 40 mg but no physical changes yet, (not really surprised) but hopefully by the end of the year i'll lose the weight and most of the moon face.
hi, i'm 14 years old, and this summer i was diagnosed with auto immune hemolitic anemia. i had to go to school with a moon face. i would come home everyday crying because i would either get called &quot;chipmunk&quot; or &quot;puffy cheeks&quot; or &quot;fat face&quot;. ive been off the prednisone for two months now, and the moon face is still very noticable, even though it has come down a lot. how much longer will i have to wait, because i honestly cant take anymore of this.
put it this way i was hospitalized when they put me on prednisone 80 mg..that was nov 30 of 2006 and by christmas i had a moon face... it does go away when you taper down though
Tammy -  I had &quot;moon face&quot; after having been administered   high IV doses of Prednisone for about a week, and then tapered down (w/ pills)  at home for 6 mos.  It saved my life and I am so thankful for it.  As I decreased the dosage, my face gradually slimmed down again.   My husband had to be on high doses of Prednisone for a period of time and he never did develop the &quot;moon face&quot;.  I was always curious as to why.  Anyway, although there are some neg. side effects of this med. - it can save lives, and did save my life ! Good health to you.
My Mom was on it for a very long time with her Rhuematoid Arthritis (high doses too) and she never got a moon face and she actually lost weight too.Hugs
Hi--
Hi Marji,
No--I've been waking up really sick to my stomach with even one window have covered and sick all day.  The thought of going out and driving in this blinding sunlight just seems impossible.  I know I need to schedule with him, my urinary symptoms might be getting bad again.  The sad thing is that I know that part of my problem is polyendocrine dysfunction and it progresses to Addison's disease.  I have the hyperpigmentation of Addisons disease and talked to a young woman with it and she said that she doesn't have extreme symptoms but has it and is being treated and her mother died from it and she said its important to be treated early.  I bet if they looked close enough, except for the antibodies to my heart and probably gi, they would find that most of my AI disease involves my endocrine, which is why its so screwy.  The problem is that they all compensate for each other, my TSH isn't high because my pituitary doesn't work worth a crap, not because my thyroid is working, because it isn't either. I'm sorry.  I'm having problems with the vitiligo cream on top of it and think I'm probably going to have to end up not doing it because I'm getting too sick and they never fix anything, it's like pulling teeth.  My AI disease isn't well managed and its not my rheumie's fault, it's the endos, because it's hard for him to put me on pred when I have reactions from it.Love, Marji
Marji, I'm overwhelmed reading all that you have to try to deal with regarding your health, so I can't imagine how you feel.  It must be frustrating for you when one condition affects another which makes treating things harder.  It can also be hard to tell if meds are causing a side effect or of it's one of your illnesses.

Marji,
Does anyone know of a Lupus Specialist in the Phoenix area?&nbsp; I live where there is only one Rheumy, but he doesn't specialize in Lupus I can tell.&nbsp; I'm willing to drive into Phoenix (3 hours away).

Welcome to the forum Havasu,
The test my Dr ordered two weeks ago, still hasn't come back. How long does it typically take to have results from the first test?
It also depends on your doctor.&nbsp; Dr. R in Kansas City is refusing to send me the test results from almost 3 months ago saying she wants to wait until our phone consult on December 23.&nbsp; If she doesn't send them soon there will be no phone consult.&nbsp; I want to look them over and have my neurologist and PCP see them, so I can ask some intelligent questions before I talk to Dr. R.&nbsp; Thumbs down on this LLMD!
That's unbeleiveable Hiker53! Lyme is serious, what's the hold up? It's too bad that we have to take everything in our own hands. Dealing with lyme is enough, there shouldn't be the battle with the health care system. Everything I've read says to keep stress levels down, how can we do that?
The test typically take two weeks in my experience.  If the test was done through IgeneX you could call and see if they are completed yet.  The staff is very friendly.  When I called the tests were done but the results had not been sent to my doctor.  They immediately faxed my doctor's office and the doctor called me the next day to give me the results.
I am just in the beginning stages of testing. I convinced a walk-in clinic Dr to send me for the first screening test (I'm in Canada where Lyme doesn't exist according to Dr's)I believe it would be the ELISA? It has to go to a provincial lab.At the lab where my blood was taken, they told me it will take anywhere from 1-2 weeks. I had to give a second sample after 10 days. It will be 3 weeks on Friday since my first test. My GP laughed at me when I mentioned Lyme. I told him to look at my symptoms and picture of or my rash, he refused to look at my symptoms and the bulls eye rash could be from a # of things. I'd been to him over the last 2 years for various symptoms that now point to Lyme. I told him that I'm  an hour away, but my Dr won't refer me until I have a positive test. If my test comes back negative, I guess I'll have to go to a walk in clinic and get a referal. There's nothing else that fits all my symptoms.
Just wondering how many of you also have Endometriosis?&nbsp; I've had it since my early 20's.&nbsp; I was wondering if there is a connection.
There's a doctor in California who believes there is a connection between Lyme and Endo in some cases.  His website states that Lyme bacteria has been found in endo implants.  It's an interesting theory.  He believes that if you still have endo symptoms after proper removal of all the endo implants, you should be treated for Lyme.And yes, I have endo.  I have more problems with the endo than with the Lyme.
sj1982,&nbsp; Most people here haven't tested positive for Lyme.&nbsp; The test are VERY inaccurate.&nbsp; Lyme is suppose to be a clinical diagnosis (it rarely is).&nbsp; Most doctors rely on the ELISA test which is, as I said very inaccurate.&nbsp; 
Hello, Im just wondering how gracie and her family is doing i havent heard from her or anything about the family in a long time... just wondering... gracie i hope your OK. brian
As you all know, I started treatment Tuesday but stopped because no one was here with me. Now that my daughter is here, I started treatment again today. I took my dose of Mepron this morning and had chills and was extremely tired. I hadn't had chills in a while so I know it was the Mepron that did it. It's just weird that it happened so fast. Anyone else experience this?
Yeah, yummy to the tummy! NOT! LOL it's thick like Milk of Magnesia. Yuck!
I really want to go!! I would love to go with someone or meet ppl there! Friday or Saturday whatever day/time works best for you! I will by driving up from CT. For me it will be just under 3 hours drive. I think I can.. I think I can..
I was wondering if anyone seen the movie lymelife with alec baldwin, i live in canada and i dont think its playing here as yet 
Lymelife only played in small Independent film theatres that I know about.&nbsp;I didn't see it. &nbsp;Hopefully we can get it on DVD soon.
Hi jane sure you can email me and exchange a few messages, my email is on my profile&nbsp;
https://www.hotmoviesale.com/store/productView.aspx?idProduct=188145&ec=1&ProdId=29
Thanks for the link on the dvd&nbsp;
Hi All,Trav
Do you think it could mean the sort of shoulder twitching that the guy in the Under Our Skin trailer has?  The guy that says if he dies, maybe his death could help others not suffer what he has.  Check it out. I do not know if this is what Dr. B means, it just came to mind.
Hi +Lyme~
 Btw, if you don't mind, can you shorten up you signature a little. 10 lines is the most we can have including spaces. Thanks hun:)
+Lyme: Can you&nbsp; descibe what the "shrugging guy" looked like?? This is all new to me, but I am doing something like shrugging and would really like to see it&nbsp;or have it described to me. Never imagined it was a Lyme symptom.&nbsp; thanks alot&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; D
Dowa, sorry, I have to go from memory (LYME memory..... ) this is about him. His segment was very short. He was maybe early 30ish? (but I'm bad guessing age). He was dark haired, white guy, and seems like he was wearing a sweater.&nbsp; 
If you go here, are you able to click on the photo to start the trailer? I am not able to get quicktime started here, but it could be my computer. 
Hi Dowa,
Right now, my only symptom left is bad back pain in the area a little below my waist.&nbsp; Is anyone else suffering from back pain?&nbsp; There are days that I can barely walk.
Physical therapy has really helped my daughter with pain. Since Lyme pain can travel, the dr wrote which areas to concentrate on and added &quot;and other areas as needed&quot;.  We also have a portable TENS unit that helps the pain too.
I have pain in my butt, and lower back as well.  Actually, it shifts from lower spine, to lower left, and both cheeks.  I've read that Lyme likes to attack the collagen in muscles, and I think this is a great place for Lyme to hide out.  Your back and butt muscles are some of the hardest muscles to really keep strong, which combined with Lyme results in less oxygen supplied to them.  If you have any energy try to do some lower back stretches, squats, stomach leg lifts, or any other exercise to really focus on those muscles.  I also sleep on a heating pad at night which feels nice, and also raises my core temperature.  During the day I sit with my back to a massage pad, which also keeps my back muscles active.
My daughter and I suffer from back pain.  We attribute it to  these lousy infections.
Hi MomtothreeRossry
New members, welcome to the forum! 
Hi All,  I break up my post because my eyes have been effected by TBI's as well, which makes long paragraphs very hard to read.
Links to help save money on treatments and Care Credit:
Anyone else have bad headaches since contracting Lyme Disease? I suffer with them really bad. It's not the &quot;usual&quot; headache, it is very intense and causes me to pretty much lay down for the day. Advil sometimes isn't enough. I usually get a really intense pressure/pain at the base of my skull, right above my shoulders....where my neck meets the bottom part of my skull. 
Rose,
WCB,
 is that the lyme disease rash? if so does it mean i absolutely have it? or could it just be a bad bite...
I am having some terrible days lately and I'm feeling so terrible in my brain that I'm feeling like something is just horribly wrong. It literally feels like there is poison in my brain. There's pressure and pain in my head and neck and I'm just so dizzy and out of it. Is it true that meningitis is common with Lyme disease? Is it the bacterial or viral kind? I know the bacterial form can be fatal if not treated. Of course, I'm sure if I had that kind I'd be dead by now since I've been feeling like this for days now. Also, the feelings intensify and get better almost in waves throughout the day. I had a split second today where I was contemplating going to the ER and asking for a spinal tap to rule out or&nbsp;confirm&nbsp;meningitis. I just feel like I'm about to die! Anyone else ever feel this way?
As I understand it, Lyme patients can have what they call aseptic meningitis.  That would be a swelling that is not viral or bacterial but causes terrible head, neck and back pain.  On and off it has been one of the most awful of my symptoms as I have been getting treatment.  For some people it is part of the original symptoms, for others it is part of the herxing and healing process.  Your doctor could proscribe some pain killers to give you some relief.  Hope you feel better soon.
just out of curiosity, would a vaccine against meningitis make it more unlikely for a person with lymes to get it? or is it completely different than the meningitis many are vaccinated against?also, display_name- is the headache something you had that was constant? ive had awful head symptoms, where i literally feel burning and flowing sensations in my head, a low grade fever, a stiff neck, but it all seems to fluctuate so much! sometimes its hardly noticable and other times i wonder if i too should go to the ER.
Yes, it is common with herxing. Co-Moderator Lyme Disease Forum
Hi Crazyhead! what I've posted or just have questions? Please email me!!! Click on the blue envelope under my screen name
vcast- it's near the posterior cervical, but it's closer to my spine, if that makes sense? The odd thing is that last night the pain migrated to the left side of my neck & head, and sure enough the swelling moved to the left side as well. I talked to a pain spec today aboutStill working on meds to ease the muscle & joint pain... any questions just ask :)
I was diagnosed in 1998 w/lyme spinal meningitis My head felt like it was going to explode I was going to the doc every week until they took me seriously it was the bell palsy to which at first my doc thought i was drunk at first is when they thought something was wrong so many docs do not take lyme seriously you must have a spinal tap to confirm, I feel for anyone who gets to this point i was shivering in pain all over be your own advocate keep on them dont let it go
Idk if I am getting worse or herding.... I am on doxy just 200 mgs a day and Mepron 1500 a day... My leg pain is getting bad .. Numb on the shins most of the time and thigh ache n cramp.. Anyone experience this after a couple weeks on doxy and a few days on Mepron ?
My husband is having reduced kidney function and they can't seem to get to bottom of it.&nbsp; Just wondering if anyone has had kidney problems which they believe may be related to lyme. Thanks.Current meds:  roxythyromycin, bactrim, doryx, amanatadine, neurontin, cymbalta Prior meds:  amox, minocycline, tetracy. IV refused by ins. Supplements: boluoke, alpha lipoic acid, AG immune, magnesium, milk thistle, resistant microbes
Will I ever feel normal around people again?  At this point I can't tell if it's still the Lyme making me awkward... or if I'm just getting inside my own head.  I feel like people are always judging me and looking for flaws.  It's hard to convince myself that I look fine outwardly... because I feel weird on the inside.I was never like this before Lyme.  I used to be able to blend in with any crowd and be comfortable with everyone.  Didn't really care what people thought.  Loved parties.  Loved traveling.  Now I hate even going to the store... and casual chit chat scares the crap out of me.  When I was at my worst I was having problems finding words and would space out during convos... so I guess I'm better than I was.  But my confidence has been killed.  Maybe it's all in my head at this point.  Who knows.  Lyme makes you crazy.
I too have this to some degree.  I don't look forward to going out.  Like tonight...I have our neighborhood Christmas Party.  I'm not looking forward to going, but I am pretty sure that once I'm there, I'll be fine and have a good time.  DX with Lyme and Erlichosis in January 2010.  January-August:  Biaxin and Amoxicillian.  September 2011 - ? on Rifampin and Zithromax.  Symtpoms mostly neuro and have 20 small lesions on brain.
I am going to post my story because I am so confused right now about what is going on with me.....
Hi Annieshanny,
Yeah..you know what, I think you should just bit the bullet and make an appointment with an LLMD. They will be willing to treat you and will have experience and know how to treat you.If your doctor is willing to help, great. But right now you need to do everything you can to ensure you will get the right treatment- and that probably means seeing an LLMD
Hi, I went for a hike on Sunday and found a tick biting me a couple hours later.  It did not appear swollen (I don't think it had started feeding) when I pulled it out.  I used some regular tweezers and the entire tick (head and teeth) came out with one gentle pull. A bruise formed shortly thereafter and has not gone away, the bruise hasn't grown either.  I was wondering if bruising was normal even when there is no Lyme disease present.  Thank you.
The tech who drew my blood 3 weeks ago did a terrible job. It hurt while she did it and when I left. It continued to hurt for several days. Now 3 weeks later, it doesn't hurt 100% of the time, but if I have used it all day on the computer and such, it will be a little sore.Is this normal or should I see a dr? Thanks!
the past couple days i've been experiencing terrible shortness of breath to the point where i feel like taking large breaths hurts and causes me to dry cough- im assuming this to be air hunger? i notice it constantly, more so when i am laying down, occasionally i sit up quickly to gasp for air. well i called my LLMD today (ive been off anitibiotics bc of allergic reactions) and she says air hunger is caused by the bart..... but for some reason I feel like everywhere i read says babesia? do both cause it? i haven't had any night sweats typical of babesia.my questions are, i have an inhaler- is this good to use for the air hunger? and how do you deal with the chest discomfort, pain and stress of constantly gasping for air? what can we do to make it go away or lessen? is this air hunger typically just an uncomfortable annoyance and scare, or does it get to the point for people that they actually can't breath and could die from it? id really appreciate any advice from those of you who experience this! thanks guys!!!
I am so sick of this and so scared that I will never feel well again.  I fear this disease is going to kill me and I have very little support and understanding I feel.  It makes me so sad - i have a migraine and I just took an epsom salt bath but i just can't stop crying aboutAnyone have any encouraging thoughts....I just want to give up and don't think I can keep fighting this....
Thanks everyone for the encouraging thoughts- this disease is unfathomable as to what it can take from you.  I am wondering how I have the energy to raise my kids and fight this and do everything that needs to get done while feeling so crappy all the time.But thanks you all do understand and all try and help a sister out- I can't thank you all enough...
Hi, I am looking for information on a Doug Coil machine for a friend whose entire family is battling Lyme. I've been reading up on them and finding out what I can online, but much of the information seems to be from companies making the machines, so I'm trying to find some end-user input and unbiased info from people who have actually used the machines.Thanks!
Hi I'm new here, and I've been trying to find the true meaning for testing positive only to the IgG band 41, which was indicated on recent blood work.  The only thing I have learned is that this band is the &quot;mystery&quot; band. I've been suffering for approximately 10 years with my only Lyme related late stage symptom that I can think of is sleep disturbances in the range of 40 - 50 times per night, every night consistently without relief.  I can provide a list of what I've tried to stop the sleep disturbances if someone would like but I can say that I've tried literally everything.Thanks for the help!
Why does the skin indent easily (aside of any possible bart)?  Is this Lyme of another infection?  Im not referring to the Bart skin marks but more of the easily indented skin -- say a rubber band around the wrist or a bracelet etc will make marks (before Lyme this never happened).  It's like when you wear socks that are too tight- My yoga mat makes it's marks and it's annoying me because I want it to go away!!  Train Wreck: Oct 2012 (no bite?); cd-57 29. Bart symptms/+4 Lyme 4/13. MTHRF 2 copies.  5 Mths of Mino, Omniceft & Tindamax. Now Factive for Bart & Houtineya (serrapeptase 12,000, 2x daily) 2bust cysts. Some herbs, cinnm bark, omegas (DHA), Vit C, co-Q10, juicing, lemon H2o, yoga, sweating. Aug i-spot Lyme test says in remission...now killing Bart!
Beth, Sasquatch..LOL  I'm sure you looked slightly better. The tiny bumps I was referring too aren't from shaving actually. They erupt on my stomach, arms and neck and itch. There is a small rash at the site but it doesn't stick around long. I've gotten those since around 2000 but my first tick bite was in the 90's so I'm suspecting Lyme/Bart. I'm on the Synergy Protocol and the bumps and rashes have kicked up 10 notches.
I am so not doing wellprayers and well wishes that we all get healthier and wealthier to pay for medical care, and to have a safe healthy home, this yr.
Hello,
I also have this co infection--Babesia and wonder what are the usual symptoms you have from this? Thanks!
Does anybody get skin sensitive to touch like it feel wierd if anything rubs again it i cant handle this symptom really making life a drag and quality of life low does it ever go or could antibiotics have done this to me i cant live with this forever.I cant even really describe it just skin feel weird as hell and dont like being touched
You previously mentioned the chronic tonic (p77 on http://www.mistymeadows.org/wendydocs/Lyme%20Apologies if this is a repeat question! ~jo
My doc just put me on 50mg of doxycycline twice daily... I was wondering if it is okay to do detox baths (Epsom salt and hydrogen peroxide) while I am on the antibodies.-Q
Interesting article.Treatment:  Oct. 1, 2014:  200 mgs minocycline, 2 tablets malarone, nattokinase, banderol, samento, TBB+, DTC+, Lion's Mane, probiotics, vitamins, Burbur, pinella
Good Afternoon All,
Anybody else have cracks in your tongue and wonder what it means?  I used to have teeth marks on the side of my tongue but since Ive been on Naturethroid it's not as noticeable.Took me 15 yrs to get diagnosed. Pulsed  Omnicef 1200 mg, biaxin 1000mg, Flagyl 1000mg, A-L complex.  As of 10/6 I am off omnicef and Biaxin and I'm taking Bactrim DS and plaquinil and will do Flagyl again 3 days only. Off ANX and now doing xylitol/lactoferrin as a bio film desolver.  And adding Coartem maybe.
Someone suggested it to me and I looked it up and the Amazon reviews were nothing but positive and uplifting but seems to good to be true. But then again 1500 4-5 star reviews?
My labs from Germany were emailed to me.  My LLMD tested for 4 things, and they ALL came back positive.......Lyme, c. Pneumonia, mycoplasma, and coxsackie virus.12/1: 200 mino, 300 rifampin, 1000 tindamax
Hi All-Your thoughts and opinions are welcome, thanks!
This didn't happen at first but it seems that now every time I take my dose of pure nystatin powder and Diflucan I herx my face off.I already take diatomaceous earth, red root, and use my FIR sauna every other day.
Hey there everyone! I'm a patient of Dr. J in D.C. and have been on abx for aboutFlagyl 2nd week only on Thurs and Friday
Hi everyone,THANKS
Does Doxy and Zithro beat Bartonella?  I have had Bartonella, Lyme, Babesia and Mycoplamsma since 2005. I finished treating everything but the Bartonella, which i am currently treating. I started treatment 3 years ago in June 2012. My doc already said Rifampin is ok, not great. And he's not gonna put me on the Levoquine, which causes tendon problems.
Thanks everyone for replying!  For some reason it wasn't emailing me when people replied.Either way i do NOT want to go slowly. I want to get rid of this thing once and for all! Why take 8 months to get rid of something if you can do it in 4 months??
Yes, I watched the webinar...I didn't see/hear the abx dosage, though.Buhners bart herbs added Dec/14;  ABX/Buhner herb break Apr/2015
To Girlie, See the thing with me is i'm still having symptoms as i'm approaching the 4 month mark of being on this combo, and it seems like everyone else around this time stops getting symptoms but i still am.
Hi all, all of the anti-malarial medications.  My ears are ringing right now and I'm on day 2 of mepron/biaxin.
Hi All,Leah
So, I'm completely freaking out. I don't think I've ever even seen a tick before, and definitely don't remember being bit in my life, and I just found a super small tick crawling down my arm while I was sitting on the couch. I wasn't sure it was one at the time, but it was weird enough looking that I saved it. My husband and I just looked at it under our microscope, and we're 95% sure it is one. Jan '16 Alina, LDN, tons of other supplements
I've tested positive for Lyme in two separate cases. One time with the rash once without. Both times were treated with anti-biotic fairly quickly. Two years after treatment I developed severe bicep tendonitis, I've been dealing with that for 4 years. Then I've developed plantar fasciitis and lower back pain. There is no sleep at night without taking Tramadol. Is it possible I still have the Lyme and need treated again? Feeling Hopeless
For those who tested positive for brucella, what were your symptoms?  Thanks much
So here's a bit of a mystery.  I've had toenail fungus on all 10 of my toes for 25 years.  It started on one toe and I used the same nail clipper and infected the rest of them.  Tried getting rid of it various times in the past using tea tree oil, lamasil (bad for liver!) and other remedies but never could.So I go to cut my toenails tonight and I noticed 3 of the ones on my right foot are normal!  Huh?  I've been on so many vitamins, supplements and antimicrobials for over a year I have to imagine one or many of these cleared up the infection?  Any thoughts?
Hi,
I posted a while ago that I had high levels of uranium in my body (non radiation uranium).  I just had my water tested and it does have uranium in it.  We had a reverse osmosis system installed for our drinking water.  We can't do anything about showers/baths?   Thanks!
At this point I'm desperate so I am seeing a naturopath who does cold laser therapy. He explained that when he points it at certain areas, the cells communicate with each other, help kill lyme, and open up pathways. He has many patients. Anyone have success with this?
as my own experience my biggest enemy is my probiotics they only make sympotams worse insted of how many antibiotics i take.no one know this dark side of probiotics .only one or two website mention this and this is absoutly true that probiotics are neurotoxic.i find this clue after 6 month of struggle with probiotics.they not only interfier in recovery process but make sympotam 1000 times worsen.my major sympotams start after pills of probiotics
How do you describe it? My chest feels heavy with pressure. Kind of like a chest cold or bronchitis. Sounds to me like I am trying to talk myself out of Babs into Bart. 😯Seriously, I don't have the typical Babs symptoms but do have Bart symptoms.  And here I sit yawning..
Hi,Thanks for any ideas!
Hi,  I have not been particularly active on the board but thought i should post our successful treatment for Lyme and Bartonella for my 14 year old daughter.Pls email if you need more details
My llmd wants me to get on GSE. I realize it works on the cyst form. Who has had experience with this?
review yakult pobiotics
Is that too low or could that dose do anything when combined with doxycyline for Lyme?Thanks
Hello everyone i wanted to ask what causes red and burning eyes i have lyme and babesia
Lot of knowledge on this forum. I tried some things for this in the past which did nothing. On a super clean paleo, no gluten, no milk diet for 8 months, did nothing to darken my light skin blotches.
I keep reading that you're supposed to drink PURE water, but no source explains exactly what that is.  The best I can gather is it's filtered water - whatever your water source is passed through a filter. Shower filter?
The Carnicom 'protocol' for Morgellons was first alluded to in 2012 by Clifford Carnicom an independent researcher at 
First and foremost correct the source of the mold. You cannot combat mold when conditions remain that will promote new growth. Do not ignore the leaky roof or other areas where water will continue to collect. 
Part of me wants to call it coincidence, but I’ve had the Hamilton Beach unit running since Sunday, and I awoke this morning with a noticeable difference - less brain inflammation and better sense of well-being. I was snappier and more engaged with classmates, as well. Do the work, be the prize.
The Toxic Home Transformation Summit is online and FREE from June 25 - July 1, 2018:
Hi Girls! Do you guys experience an increase in dizziness or balance problems before/during your period?
This is the second ipad I have broken because of bartonella rage, I’m so tired of this, when I get even a little  frustrated I want to hurl every object near me. How do you all deal with this? I feel like a toddler with no control of my emotions or actions.
  someone NOT having rage when they have all of this going on and are living in a world that seems determined to keep us unsupported and suffering!
Hello,I could use eencouragement.
I started with seizures mother's day. I am able to avert them, or stop them, with the use of medical marijuana. Also, medical marijuana has greatly reduced my pain symptoms, and allowed me to get some sleep.Month 2: cefuroxime
Anyone else have acid reflux? Mine goes all the way up to my throat. Just wondering what you do for it. I looked it up, milk thistle is supposed to help.Extreme fatigue, dizziness, head pressure, 1 seizure, ringing ears, crawling sensations everywhere, throat pain, groin pain, very cold hands/feet, joint pain, sole pain, body/muscle spasms, teeth/gum pain, constipation, depression, panic attacks
So I know this study came out by Johns Hopkins and Zhang saying this protocol was pretty effective against persister cells? If that is the case why aren't we all on this? And why did he use doxycycline instead of minocycline? Mino is able to help the nervous system so not sure why anyone would use doxy. Is Daptomycin the miracle cure we have been looking for?
I'm wary of vaccines since I believe receiving the flu and pneumonia vaccines simultaneously triggered my lyme symptoms.  I'm wary of the hpv vaccine because it is only 12 years old and though only a small percentage, there have been some extreme side effects.  I'm wary of MD's and the CDC because...well you know why.MTHTR single mutation; Positive Igenix IgG Jan 2017; March/Apr '17: doxy,  Tinizadole.  5/1 samento and mino/tini.  5/28- back to doxy, added activated charcoal. 6/9 - stopped antibiox; staying with samento, red root and houttiya and supps.  tried LDN; 8/24 rifampin, samento, red root and supps. On and off rifampin.  1/1/18 - 1/20 rifampin. Herbs and vitamins only now.
Hi all,Anyways, can I take Artemisinin now with this protocol? If so, what dosing do people usually do? My LLMD suggested 500mg 3x/day for the 4 months once done with Abx.
I have been struggling for almost a year with an unknown illness.
Hi guys— L o v e life/healed!  Train Wreck: Oct 2012; cd-57: 29. April 2013 diagnosed. MTHRF x2. 6 Mths of Mino, Omnicef & Tinidazole. Factive for Bart (2 mths). Serrepeptase 12,000 2x daily 2bust cysts, Antitox, med. oregano oil, olive leaf oil, A-Bart, Cumunda, bnderal, cinnm bark, chorella,  NAC, milk thistle, co-Q10, jucin, lemon H2o, yoga/sweat, colloidal slvr, colonics/cleansing, infrared sauna-
So my wife who has been suffering from chronic constipation since we moved here and has tried everything including coffee enemas had taken 3000 mg of Magnesium the other day in 6 hours when I told her to stop. That much Mg should have produced a bowel movement in someone with little bowel tolerance developed. 
Day 3 Of Liqued Diet isolating myself in order to heal sometimes this is for the best when undergoing something like this
Anyone else have this?
Is anyone else experiencing this?Has anyone else ever experienced either of these?  Had any luck with remedies??
So, after i did the IGXspot test aboutMild exercise 3 times a week(haven't been doing it while i'm sick)
I haven't posted photos before.   I don't even know if I did this TinyPic properly...Nov./15  mino - to  biaxi
This was shared on my fb page today....and since we're often having the conversation aboutNov./15  mino - to  biaxi
(I have chronic lyme, bart, and babesia)
I was with an LLMD (Dr L in Dublin) for 8 months didn't make much improvement.Thank you !!!
Hi,Anyone here used Alchornea Cordifolia leaves tea? I buyed my leaves from lymeherbs.eu. if so, how do you take it and what are the side effects?
After 8 months of abx(1 month post bite) with little improvement I'm throwing in the towel, for now. I need to give my gut a break. Anyone have experience with this Lyme center??
After two and a half months of tingling in my hands, feet, left calf and flushing/tingling in face, tons of blood tests, a neurologist, a gastro and a lot of frustration, I have been diagnosed with Bartonella. I was put on a Z Pack starting Friday. My tingling has gotten better but is still there. Is it possible for an antibiotic to knock this out of me? It's just so relieving to FINALLY have a diagnosis. People thought it was all in my head or that I had anxiety and one said depression and that was so frustrating! Thanks for any help or advice. Heard black seed oil may help? Turmeric?
Hi guys so finaly i know that i have babesia infection , and the big question for me is iron in babesia treatmenI dont suplement iron and multivitamins that have iron. but last days i took Liv52 for liver witch have iron and its not litle. and BOOM air hunger and sweating all day... i dont think its herx it propobly babs flare from iron ? so better avoid all suplements with iron and from diet ?
Granted, I know everyone is unique and responds differently but Buhner said 14 days to 60 days you should see something and I’m already getting worried because I’m at 21 days and I see Maybe if there’s just one person out there who can tell me they were on full protocols protocol for 2 months before they even noticed any improvement whatsoever, then that would help ease my mind a lot.
I'm having a lot of weird symptoms with this, every time that i take it.Erratic heartbeat, horrible tinnitus, pressure in my face, crawling sensations, numbness of tongue, pain behind my eyes etc.... i'm afraid that i'm having intracraneal pressure.
Hello,SongBirdie
I thought I was cured!This is why I created the other thread wondering if I could take Artemisinin or Artemesia with Rif/Mino as I felt like maybe Babs was crawling back. I asked my LLMD during the text exchange today this very question and he said again to wait and see how I respond to taking an ABX break first.
I've had somewhat of a return of some old symptoms I had severely back in 2015 before learning I had Lyme.  It's got me worried.  It's not too bad right now, but I worry it will worsen.  Three years ago, it got progressively worse and felt like asthma, but asthma test was negative.  Took double dose steroid inhalers for a month back then.  It was the only thing that worked.  Don't want to do that again.  Probably couldn't get a doc to prescribe now anyway, and I have no insurance to pay.Has anyone else had these symptoms?  Were you able to connect them with a particular infection?
Now that you have lyme and know how many symptoms Lyme can cause - i think we all have been gifted with an amazing knowledge.......wish me luck the goal is 90 days
Haven't been here in a while.  No computer at the moment and really just had to step away from the constant reading aboutI've been reading rifampin plus another abx.  Sound right?   What's the latest and greatest tx?  Llmd wants to see me soon, either tomorrow or next Tuesday.   I want to have a treatment plan in mind before i see him.  Thanks for any help.
Hello all,Can anyone email me the names of any awesome LLMDs near Chicago, or the surrounding states?  We'd be willing to travel even farther, but I figured I'd start locally, if possible.  I would so appreciate it!
Hi all,We are in Eastern Europe, so no LLMDs...
So I was estatic that my LLMD gave me scriptMark
Its 11pm at night all my kids (I have 7) and husband are sleeping and I have had a glass or two of wine so hope this does not sound crazy.I just want her to have the best healthy life.  She has been through so much I just want her to have a &quot;normal&quot; rest of her childhood (she is 10 now)
This is going to sound crazy but please hear me out.For example, I start to have insomnia. Lymes? Aging? New infection? Anxiety? Mental health? How do I know?
Good evening, everyone! I will try to explain my situation as briefly as possible. I am Brazilian and live in Brazil, but since my husband is from Ohio, we visit the U.S. every year. Last November, we visited Florida with his family. We all spent a day at Honeymoon Island, where my legs got destroyed by some sort of invisible insect. 3 days later I got a very ugly bite, which looked nothing like the other ones. When we got back to Brazil, I had a fever for some days, flu like symptoms and the bite got kind of hard inside and really hot. I didn't give much importance to these events, as I had no idea that Lyme existed, until my life completely changed! Since November I have experienced tingling, weird vibrations in my left leg, shorts of breath, insomnia, panic attacks, blurred vision, chest pain, awful memory, among other unpleasant things! I have had many exams done, including MRI and Lyme serology, all normal! I can't sleep without zolpidem, I can't remember anything without making notes on my phone, I feel disconnected from the world and it is all really scary! I have seen multiple doctors, who know nothing abouthttps://imgur.com/gallery/p1OAOpO
Hi everyone,Also wondering if anyone has any information on whether financial support is available at all. I have a friend who is very likely suffering from Lyme but she needs a positive Armin test to get in to see Dr H. She has declared bankruptcy and is struggling to find funding even to do the testing, let alone keep her head above water. With my own finances decimated and having sold my house years ago I have very little I can put on the table to help her.
*sigh* This has been a long, grueling journey. Coming up on two years of treatment, two years of being separate from society, not being able to travel, have fun, always tired, feeling like it's never going to get better. I just wanted to say thanks for all your help, for being awesome and caring and for being there for me. I wish you all the very best and get well soon. I may come back to check in from time to time. I don't know right now. You're all amazing.
i all is there a place i can upload a pic i got a strange rash a couple of times but dissapeard quick again and i dont know what it is
As of now I have been on treatment for Lyme and Bartonella for 4 and a half months, about
Is Lyme passed through breast milk. I’ve read conflicting reports.
I am new here but am desperately seeking answers for my son. He has been dealing with &quot;whatever this is&quot; for almost 4 years now. We originally thought it was allergies as he discovered he has severe allergies to most things (mold, dust, dog hair, etc, ). Long story short, I have suspected Lymes all along. My degree is in lab science so I fully understand that not all lab results are accurate. He went to Mayo Clinic and after 10 days there, he was given a diagnosis of chronic fatigue. I don't buy it.BTW- He is 31 years old.
I've had it today, but it only happens, when I move my head back and then forward. It takes few seconds and then subside but it's heavy.
After almost one year of antibiotics, my md gave me the green light to stop taking them.  I've been off abx for 3 weeks with no return of symptoms. Currently still using herbs and rebuilding my gut.What are some of your guys thoughts on all this?
Hi has any one seen a NP &quot;K.A&quot; in Petersburg VA? Recently found out aboutTreatment Oct 2017-present
Clarithromycin + Rifampin for BartonellaWe had Bactrim instead of Rifampin but I think there is an allergic reaction to it...not sure but will know soon.
First of all, is it safe to do a parasite cleanse while taking antibiotics? I assume I can...Cranberry Fruit (11% extract), Garlic Blub Extract (1.2% allicin), Black Walnut Hull Powder, Apple Pectin Fruit Powder, Carrot Root Powder, Papaya Fruit Powder, Pau D' Arco Bark Powder, Pumpkin Seed Powder, Wood Betony Powder, Butternut Bark Powder, Cloves Seed Powder, Wormwood Herb Powder, Oregon Grape Root Powder, Blueberry Leaf (20% exract), Coptis chinensis Root (5% extract), Goldenseal Root (5% extract), Echinacea Angustifolia Root Powder, and Zinc.
I have been getting this pressure in the back of my head, for like 2 months now, not constantly, but mostly everyday.&nbsp;&nbsp;There was one week where it totally went away, but it csme back. Some days I get it so bad, the only thing that makes me feel a little relief is when I lay down. The sooner I get this pressure or tightness in the back of my head, I get nervous, and start to think bad things like what if I pass out, and what if I panic and get a panic attack... (I also have anxiety disorder) the first thing I feel like doing is going to the ER, but I have been there already twice last month is the same week for this head pain, and they did CT scans, cat scans, EEG test, chest x-rays, head x-rays, blood tests, you name it. Every single test and scan, and x-ray they have done to me came out negative. They all say there is nothing wrong with my head, sinuses (even though they are constantly clogged and I can't breathe through my nose), or heart. If anyone has any experience in this field, please let me know what I can try to make this go away. I go to a Chiropractor, and it works occassionally, but it won't last all day. I also have had someone suggest I make a journal of the time I wake up if I have pain or not, to what I eat, and how much I eat, and the times I eat and if the pain gets worse, to write it all down. I am going to attempt this this week to see if there is anything that is triggering my head pain. I read an article that some foods like cheese, and too much bread triggers some headaches and other things. I will let everyone know what goes on in the course of the week
Hi, I'm 17 years old and you've just decribed exactly how I've been feeling for a few months. I get this tight pressure at the back of my head and down to my neck very often and sitting down makes it worse. Sometimes the pressure gets so bad that I can feel it all around my head and it's really stressful. I'm really scared of passing out or something in class and I get really anxious, and then I start to worry that I'll panic in class, if I'm asked to participate it gets much much worse. At  first I thought the pressure was just stress and psychological but it's gotten worse to the point where I can just be at home with no stress and it will happen. I also was suffering from anxiety attacks during my exams, it's my final year and the works kinda hard so I don't know if that brought it on. But if I focus really hard on relaxing when I get the same feeling then normally I'm okay... I've been put on manesium B6 for anti-stress but I don't think it's helping. I had blood tests done and they showed nothing, but I think it's something in my head anyway. I'm getting an MRI scan in a couple of weeks and an EEG, and I really hope they might come up with something. I know these posts are pretty old, but if any of you have found an answer yet to what it might be please let me know. It would be a really great help! Thanks and I hope the problem has already gone for you.
Hey guys I know it been a couples year back but I'm back with the Head pressure again it's been 3 months already I'm thinking the same thing about
Looks like we all are in the same boat :(
This last post is so disgusting and annoying.  You have a bunch of people posting about their struggles with these symptoms, asking/pleading for help, and you're trying to make a buck out of that? Sickening.  DO NOT GO TO THAT SITE
I have had pains in the back of my head for the last 2 days. i think it was because i took pain killers for stress, i believe they were stress, or migraine related, pains. However after reading everyones post last night and comparing them with my symptoms i tried coming up with a cure myself, one option was trying to fix my vision, another was putting ice on the top/back part of my neck, or messaging/exercising it. i went to sleep and woke up this morning fine, thank God :)  6 or 7 years ago by some punks that jumped me in my hometown, one of them had a crowbar, i got hit twice, at the time i was in boxing and was drinking and taking pain killers, however i blacked out i looked back up and turned around and the guy looked at me face to face, said something then hit me again. Thank God i didnt go down or else he would've killed me, and my wife was pregnant with my first child. They took off, my wife later took me to the hospital i got 13 staples in one scar and 9 in the other scar. From people that i knew that passed away in these past years related to head incidences , i thought i was go the same way eventually. But i have 5 kids now, im 26 years old, and own 2 small stores, i dont want my time to be yet, or anytime soon. I have too much responsibilities, and i prayed God helped me and he did, again. Take care people i hope that helps in some way.
I BELIEVE I KNOW WHAT IS WRONG!!!


Hi! I have been experiencing the same things. I also have double vision in my peripheral vision. I've been very persistent and decided to get an out of state second opinion. I live in Vegas and decided I would drive to California where I finally had received a diagnosis of &quot;fibromyalgia&quot;! All my symptoms including the pressure in my head. The disorder is different for everyone. I now take vitamin supplements, eat healthier, exercise lightly (15 min cardio), niacin and fish oil pills and make sure I get plenty of sun light. Surprisingly it really helps Alot. It takes a few weeks to kick in though. I start slacking on my vitamins, fish oil pills and exercising and all symptoms came back....very devasting. It took 3 weeks to get back on track. Since then, I haven't had an episode. Also your sinuses can play a part in having pressure in the back of your head. Do yourselves a favor and google fibromyalgia. Let me know if this helps or if any questions. I have seen a chiropractor, nuerologist, ear, nose, and throat doctor, heart doctor, therapist (CBT), Opthamologist, and Nuero Opthamologist. I've been to the emergency room over 25 times in a six month period. I went so much I was told don't go unless I pass out lol. Be encourage and fight for answers
Well it seems that if I can say you are experiencing a nervous tension experience from something, If you lie down it seems to go away, when this happens you seem to relax and be ok... soo... Thoughts are so strange sometimes, especially in preparing us for each moment and lifes experiences. I suggest  overall a change in food eating  or lifestyle habits you can look at these too...but the answer may be right in front of you even how you are coping or handling events...Remember &quot;you are fearfully and Wonderfully made&quot;, do your best to enjoy all of your life, ok and be as well as you can, its easier as you learn to surrender to a good and promising Life from our Creator, ok.DV.
Here's my follow-up after my visit to the GP. He told me to get X-rays done of my head and neck to check for sinus and spondylosis. I got them done and it seems that there's no problem with my sinus. But it turns out that I am showing signs of Early Cervical Spondylosis.I am going to consult a specialist doctor in this field i.e. an orthopaedic surgeon. I will let you guys know what happens.


I also suffer from daily feels like sinur pressure headaches...I got my very first Migraine headache about 3 weeks ago here at work and was taken to the ER b/c it felt like the left side of my head was going to burst...It was just a Migraine but also with my Migraine's I do not have the sensitivity to light or nausea, just the pain on the left side of my head, right behind my eye & temple area.  I had a CT Scan done and nothing was wrong so they gave me a shot of Imitrex and that took the pain right away so my Doctor said well Imitrex only works on Migrane's so if it was something else it wouldnt have worked and said I was stressed.  She did refer me to a Neurologist and I have an appt w/ one coming up in the next couple of days...your not alone...
My pressure is behind the left eye & in the left temple...There are times when it will move over to the right side but no that often.  My new symptons is head tingling...Like my head has fallen asleep...Today I have walked around with a sinus headache and took Sudafed Sinus Headache and that took away a lot of the pressure but the pain never really went away completely.  Talked to my Neuro and she is wanting the MRI and MRA done but the girl won't call me to set up the appointment.  I mean insurance pays for it so whats the hold up?  The pressure is so bad from sinus my face tingles and feels like it numb but when I tough it I can feel it.  Getting nose bleeds too!  Great it just keeps getting better & better. I will feel better once all these tests are done & I can be told &quot;its not a tumor&quot;!
Yikes, looks like all of you are talking for me.&nbsp; I know mine aren't migraines and are sinus related.&nbsp; Pain has been for 3 months constant above eyes, cheekbones, sometimes jaw and ear and neck too.&nbsp; Some minor clear drainage down the back of my throat.&nbsp; I had sinus surgery about 6 years ago which helped for a few years but it's back and they (doctors) just always want to give more drugs, which never help.&nbsp; Advil helps some but I'm taking it several times every day.&nbsp; Going to try a Chinese Herbalist and Acupuncturist next since no other doctors help.&nbsp; I know changing to a probiotic (no wheat, sugar, corn or dairy, caffeine) diet would help, but that's hard to adhere to all the time.&nbsp; Most all medical conditions are related somehow to diet and we (Americans) have crappy processed diets.&nbsp; If you do only one change get off the dairy, calcium is more readily available in green vegetables anyway.&nbsp; I know its hard to do but you'll feel better.&nbsp; Now if I can take my own advice we'll all feel better.
hi all
Carlysan,

I don't want to worry you! BUT you need to get a diagnosis for this as soon as possible. I had a drooping right eye with a feeling of pressure behind it, and slight dizziness, for about a year. I dismissed it partly through laziness and partly through fear. Only when it got worse did I finally get to see an eye doctor, and they found an orbital tumour about the size of a walnut growing in there. I have just had it removed, and it was benign (most of the slow-growing painless type are benign, but they can eat through bone and other tissues if you don't get them whipped out quickly). Of course there are lots of other explanations for yours, like possible hyperthyroidism and diabetes etc, but specific pressure behind one eye is not normally just due to stress. Does the eye feel especially bulgy and firm when pressed? Can you move your right eye and see as far upwards with it as you can with your left? You'll feel happpier when you've got it tested and scanned. Best of luck and take care
Hey! To the person who is 26. I'm 27 and having the same issue! Mine has been going on for about two years or maybe more and I've just been too lazy and scared to do anything, but now it's getting worse and making me worry. I've had some issues with feeling like something crawls across my brain too when this happens and I get dizzy, but that hasn't happened in over a year now.&nbsp;But the pressure gets so bad that it almost feels like either my eye is getting bigger or like it's being pressed out of my head. It's scary and I do get really bad migraines, so I had just chalked it up as a sympton. Please keep me updated with what you find out. 
Ok guys...Last october I woke up one morning with my eye swollen shut, double vision when I physically held my eye &nbsp;
Hi guys, just been diagnosed with a tumor behind my right eye after a CT scan following a fall over a week ago. The CT scan showed something and I am now told after an MRI scan this morning that there is a tumor and it is larger than first suspected. Strangely I don't feel that worried or panicky, but I put that down to my ignorance LOL.What I have read here is, although sad, encouraging news  that it is treatable.... best of luck and best wishes to all u guys
waugh..... I am also a new member! I have for years thought that the pressure behind my right eye that leads to a bad headache was from my sinus'. I had a CT scan done and the allergist said I do have slightly swollen sinus'. I was put on prednisone (steroid) and it really didn't help. I finally, today went and talked to another dr and she is now saying that I have been having a migraine and gave me some meds. She also felt my neck and asked if I have ever had my thyroid checked (which I hadn't). She then sent me for a thyroid test. I have since come home and found that yes, pressure behind the eye (mostly right) can be a cause for an under active thyroid. I am  now awaiting the results to see if this is the all or part of my eye pressure/migraines.
Oh my gosh, I can't believe so many people have what I have. Where ARE you guys and why haven't we met because every time I mention it to anyone, I get this "what do you mean...head pressure?" question and confused look.

I have the same symptoms for 5 years now.  What doctor did you see for your Lyme test.  I have been tested, and it was negative.  But my symptoms match.  Please help.
I was just wondering if anyone has been givin morphine?  Back when I was in the Army they used to give it to me for it, but when I came back home the doctors said it wasn't good for the brain.  I have found its the only thing that helps with mine.

Sorry i wrote nerve pain in head it should be nerve pain in my neck!!!
My Dr has me on a Drug called Avinza, it is a time released morphine. I started out at 30mg daily. I had a brain tumor removed about a year after the surgery I was getting migraines that would last 6months a couple days of freedom then the next migraine would begin. After countles meds and Drs I found a Dr that wanted to try this, I was a little worried at such a heavy narcotic but I dont&nbsp;have that druggie, hazy, disconnected, feeling that so many of the meds left me with. For the first time in years I felt like my old self.
 I was taking a combo of Demerol and Zofran until I got taken off of it by my kidney doctor without consulting me. At the time it was the only thing that would knock mine out, only then did they start me on Morphine and Zofran. I was on Demerol for years without the effects of his concern and quite honestly it ticked me off for more reasons than one. Those who don't suffer from migraine should have full blown ones and not be able to get help then they'd be screaming for help.
hi. i am a 28 yr old woman who has just been told by my doctor that i have been havin migraines. i get this pain at the same time each day and i am not able to function properly. i have been given very strong pain killers for my migraine and they dont even make a dent in the pain i am getting. please i need advise as to if these are migraines or something else
oh i am chuffed. feeling so much better already . thanks for all your advise
I am new to this site and tried to read as many different topics i could that seemed to fit my symptoms. But after finding that somewhat matched, i thought i would try my own thread and see what happens.4 days later, i have no fever (nor did i at any time i checked myself), and the one sided symptoms are still present. I am getting very scared as to what this could be. I have read up on Trigeminal Neuralgia. Is it possibly that? Any help would be greatly appreciated!!! Thank you!!!
I am currently diagnosed for going on 7 years with MS. an MRI, spinal tap, and many common MS symptoms confirmed a lesion on my brain, right side and I only had one major attack. I have been ok for years, just fatigue and all over body pain with a few bouts of tingling in hands and feet. I recently had our first child 5 months ago and I have now been experiencing head pressure/pain for about I am hoping there isn't a new lesion but I will not know until after the mri in 2 weeks, meanwhile they gave me norco 10 which usually works on pain but its not doing anything and I am also having sensations of a million little knives stabbing my hands and feet, more often my hands for 5-10 min at a time, only once it went for 30 mins. I feel like I cant think of things as quickly or find the right wording. and my balance feels off. I just moved to a rural area and I don't feel the medical professionals here are top notch so if anyone has had any specific tests that helped or ideas of what may be happening it would be much appreciated. thanks a million :0)
Hi everyone!
Hi,Meds:  Imigran Injections, High Flow Oxygen, Mebeverine, Lansoprazole, Nasonex and Clarityn
I was excited to hear about   its an NSAID and of course I'm one of those people who reacts to NSAIDs.  Oh well, I'll keep looking.
Cambia is an anti-inflammatory more general on stomach as it is dissolved in water and bipasses the stomach. Unlike neproxin. Pay no attention to my spelling. My wife is trying it now.  She is a chronic MG suffer and has about 20 per month. Seeing a new Doc who treats migraines (ONLY). Also trying a DHE cocktail. This Neurologist is one of the best in NY, so we are praying may finally work. It's been a very bad year for my darling.
I just remembered this site and discovered that this thread is still around. I am very delighted to report that Cambia still works for me. I am still using Topomax daily (100 mg) and Cambia as needed. I occasionally have a migraine that just will not respond to anything, but that is very rare. My neurologist said that nothing is going to prevent 100% of migraines. My quality of life has improved tremendously. I feel so blessed. It has been so wonderful to find the right combination. I am not living in that constant dread of the next attack. It has been life-changing. I just pray it continues to work. Best wishes to all!
Hi, my name is Yannick Doucet, 23 year old male living in Canada.Please, any help or person with same symptoms is more than welcome.
Hi crawlingdubber,Meds:  Imigran Injections, High Flow Oxygen, Mebeverine, Lansoprazole, Nasonex and Clarityn
Hi everyone,  happy to have found this forum! I'm 28 from Montreal, Canada.
Maybe you should have an MRI of the upper neck/lower brain. It could possibly be a Chiari Malformation (as called Arnold-Chiari Malformation).
Hi there
Hi thereCan I ask for some recommended medications that can help? Obviously the aura won't be eradicated but anything that can helpppp???
Hi BTurc, thanks for your reply :)Yes, its certainly a visual phenomena I'm seeing. I really just dont understand why I get the pain too. Sounds weird but I wish i just had a big blind spot or a big black patch of vision opposed to the &quot;living&quot;, moving, swirling, osscillating patterns I see. They exhaust me! I find it near impossible to focus on anything as its so distracting it overtakes my thought process automatically.
Hi, I just read the first part. I didn't read all the follow ups. Don't even know if you're still checking in. My visuals started last spring. I had nausea, fatigue, light sensitivity, stiff neck, I was walking into doorways, and the world started moving. It's so hard to explain to people. Its not really vibrating but kind of heat waves on a hot day, and if I try to walk it looks like everything is coming at me supper fast. The first two episodes lasted two weeks. I was sick for every minuet of it. I woke up with motion sickness and visuals. The third one lasted 2 1/2 months. I am on the fourth one now and this is the 4th month and the visuals are still here. At least the nausea and fatigue is not here all the time. I don't understand why it wont just go away. I cant work, I can barely drive, being in a store is so disorienting. I am losing my life to this awful thing. Have you found anything to help? I am on 125mg of Topamax, I avoid all trigger food, avoid sunlight. No one on these forums ever has any useful information because the doctors don't know anything. I guess the human brain is just to complicated. Well, I just wanted you to know that I may be on my way to being stuck like this forever also. You are not alone!
Hi there, I'm hoping I can find someone out in the great ether who can help! This is going to be prettying long-winded so please bear with me!I really don't know what to do now because the doctors aren't interested!
Hi I am a 27 yr old male and have Been getting migraines for around 6 years usually get the aura  , numbness of arm and tongue , and blurred vision .. I had a migraine about a year ago and I assume they'll order a new one at my next appointment .Has anyone ever experienced this?? Thank you for listening.
Hi all,My only other options are Topomax and Botox, neither of which I want.
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Hi...My real name is Mel.
Hi Mel,
Hi, Mel.Heather
Afternoon, 
I just wanted to tell you that YES a headache can last two weeks.


FROM:NodiagnosisyetH~
Hey,

Hi Maggers,Meds:  Imigran Injections, High Flow Oxygen, Mebeverine, Lansoprazole, Nasonex and Clarityn
My son suffered from a condition called Chronic Daily Migraine Syndrome where he had a continuous migraine with associated abdominal migraine pain for 5 years, from when he was 11 until he was 16.  We took him to 3 different neurologists and 2 different therapists.  It was actually my Lyme Disease specialist that realized he also had Lyme Disease.  We have both been treated for Chronic Lyme Disease now and his headaches have improved immensely.  He only gets them when he is very stressed.  While I am no longer getting sicker overall, my migraines are actually getting worse and I now have daily migraines, whereas I used to have them only 15-20 days a month.   I have no idea why mine are getting so much worse, but I have recently had a sinus CT scan and am going to see an ENT specialist to see if there is anything they can recommend.
Prayers to all! 
This is the story of how I got my life back. I hope this post can l help someone in a similar situation. Sorry for the length. Wishing you all a better health.
I've had a headache everyday for almost 10 months now. I've tried all of the medications suggested by doctors and a neurologist as well as alternative things like botox. I'm still trying to find a solution but I've accepted that I won't be free from pain anytime soon. I had to leave my job 6 months ago and now it's got to the point where I can rarely function. Has anyone tried taking pain relief medication every day? Can I just take it every day indefinitely? I know it would be really bad for my body but my quality of life is so low without pain meds that I don't really care. I have a limited supply of tramadol from the doctor so I would need to get my hands on something else, probably cannabis.
Fall 2016 I was diagnosed with migraines. My primary doc is who diagnosed me and gave me Maxalt, and it helps sometimes. Other times, I just get regular headaches and NSAIDs take care of it. This week I've had a headache for 4 days. Not sure what else to do.
Hello, I just found this site and think it’s awesome to be able to meet others going through what I’m going through and who also understands! I have been suffering from migraines and headaches since my teen years. I also get bad sinus headaches. Finally in 2016 I was diagnosed with 2 mirror image ICA aneurysms. Is there anyone in the same boat as me? Thanks
Our daughter is 21 years old and has been suffering with migraines since she was around 5.  After many and varied types of prescript having our daughter try the CBD Hemp Oil.  Has anyone had any experience good or bad with this?  Also have been researching as to whether or not there is any interaction between the CBD oil and Topamax.  Any and all information would be appreciated.  Coconut Bear
My son started Topamax at age 14 has been taking for 1 1/2 now.  He is currently taking 225mg per day, 100 mg in the am and 125 in the evening. He is a big boy 5'10 180lbs.  The med has helped 95% we have loved it, but the last 5-6 months the migraines have been coming back and he has been waking up with little headache that rolls into a migraine.  He has emergency Rizatriptan that he can take when he feels it coming on but he can only have 9 per month.  Does Topamax only last so long?  Any suggestions?  We meet with the neurologist next week again.  Thanks in advance.
I have been suffering for migraines for years now, I am now 19. Over three weeks ago I got a different type of migraine which resulted in me going to hospital. I had a CT scan and all came back normal. However after my aura stage my eyes didn't come back to normal and three weeks in my eyes are still blurry and out of focus. It feels like something is blocking a part of my vision.My eye doctor said my eyes were perfect also. Has anyone else suffered with something similar? I am out of ideas my doctor gave me Zomig which only gets rid of the headache for a few hours.  The pharmacist has ordered Propranonol. I cant concentrate and I have exams in over a week. Any help or advice would be much appreciated. 
Hi everyone,XX
It runs in the familySorry for the long post... it's just that if I will never be able to enter in the police because of this problem I would prefer to know it now, not maybe 4 or 5 years from now, and get all my hopes up again.
At a spot located between my eyebrows and approximately half-an-inch up I feel a deep, tingling pain. Pressure and menthol substances like Vik's Vaporub, while I find Tylenol and Advil to have little effect.Any ideas? This has been for two years straight now with some ebs and flows to when it hurts standing up, but consistently when laying down.
Hello all!Christie
It’s been 5 days where I had a headache. It hurts so bad to the point where I want to bang my head on the wall. It’s all around my head. I’ve tried every remedies, painkillers, meditation, relaxing, the hot and cold solution, and nothing seems to work. I wake up and my headache is at about
30 drs and 20 years of terrible headaches later.trigeminal neuralgia. abx, more ticks. Seizures, fog, bedridden. Stage 4 Lyme w 10 coinfections. 30 days iv rochephin. Buhner+, parasite cleanse, mms, colloidal silver, cacao, mg, b-12, enzymes, Vit c, ozone h2o, fire cider. No sugar, wheat, grain, dairy. Probiotics, kambo, magnets, dry brush, sauna, cold showers, walking, advaita meditation, egosque method. Emf free
I found this cure on accident by going through this.    Okay here's the Cure part. Come to find out the dentist that did my surgery didn't close up the hole good enough. So what's causing the headaches for me and probably a lot of y'all is actually tooth and mouth related. Sugar and our alcohol going up through the gum to the nasal canal affecting nerves, that's where your headaches are coming from. After having surgery redone on the tooth at the dentist pulled I don't get the headaches anymore especially after drinking sugar or alcohol or anytime. So all of you suffering migraines, Custer, right side left side headaches go to the dentist and get all your teeth fixed especially the upper ones wear your roots go into your nasal Canal or close to it. You will be amazed. I hope this helps a lot of y'all.
Hello everyone, I am new here. I am hopping I can count on your experience and knowledge as I have tried everything and searched all I could on the internet.Thanks for reading. I know this is a bit of a luxury problem. Wishing you all good health.

Interesting. Im new hear and I experiance a similar sinsation when i feel a migrain come on. It like a stange tingling in the back of my head. Where the head meets the neck. Then it turns into presure and walla I have a migraine. But this is accompanied by a ringing in my ears. I haven't seen a neurologist yet. But I think i just might... concidering this has been going on for about 3 weeks, and i have never had a migraine in my life before this episode.
Also a good site to give a good view &quot;images showing area's the muscles affect upon the nerves and exercises re this condition&quot;www.round-earth.com go to cervical tests
I have migraines at the base of my head, but I was told by a doctor at health services on campus that it was basilar migraines.  I have had them before, 3 years ago, but was told back then that they were just tension headaches and was blown off.  Had it for a year.  This time is worse.  But it's right at the base, where the head meets the neck and it's more of intense pressure than sharp pain and stuff.  I get vertigo sometimes and when the pressure moves down to a certain point in my neck I get really nauseous and uncomfortable.  I'm on topamax, but I just stopped taking it because I think it has cause a lot more problems.  I might be having seizures now, but I'm not sure.  I just got tested.  This past weekend, I started getting weird things happening.  Like one arm will get really tight and stiff, and my fingers will curl up and it just freezes for a couple seconds, sometimes a little longer, then relax again.  Sometimes it is both arms, sometimes it is just one.  Sometimes it is one foot or my calf.  Sometimes it is the arm, then shoots down to the leg.  It is very scary!  I don't know what to do!  Have you had any bad experiences with the topamax?
Hi everyone!&nbsp; I, too, have migraines which begin at the base of my skull and engulf the entire back of my head.&nbsp; Sometimes, they reach to right behind my ears.&nbsp; While some people have auras of a visual nature, I have one of an auditory kind of nature. I get a " whap, whap, whap" sound inside the back of the base of my skull.&nbsp; This sounds to me like the scary music that comes up just before a monster attacks in sci fi films!&nbsp; So far my new med Frova has helped with the headaches!&nbsp; chesswoman
I have had occipical (sp) &quot;blocks&quot; where the doctor shoots some drug into the occipical nerve area which is behind the ear.  The blocks are very effective, but unfortunately cost a fortune.
Don't know if this will help, but I suffer from C5 and C6 disk injuries in my neck as well as L4, L5, and S1 in my lower back.  If I overdo it, which being a mom and the wife of a disabled man I always tend to do, I get severe chronic occipital migraines which until recently lasted from 2-3 days as long as 2-3 weeks.  That is a long time to be in persistent pain.  I have a tens unit for my back and just on the off shot, I decided that I could stand this headache no more.  I was going on 3 weeks of unbearable pain and was ready to chop the head off.  So I put my tens unit on and put the patches on the trigger points on my shoulders that were swollen.  To my utter surprise and relief, within 4 hours, the swelling had gone done and the headache had started to disappear.  No amount of skelaxin or zanaflex did what my tens unit did.  It took a total of about a nerostimulator they implant in at the base of your neck that is supposed to help these headaches too.  Maybe that explains why the tens unit worked for me.  At least, for myself, I have found a solution.  I hope it works for others too.
Sounds like you should see a chiropractor for re alignment, which will help the neck pain and in turn aleviate the related migrane. 

 
Hello, I'm new to the board. Prior to Imitrex and Zomig, 2 medicines that have saved my quality of life, I used to endure migraines for 3 - 4 days and at the end&nbsp;I would throw up and immediately the 4 day migraine would vanish. Is that because of some vascular release in the brain that returns to normal after throwing up due to the pressure/stress of the action? While the medicines mentioned above have eliminated these 4 day events for me, just wondered if anyone has an explanation on why throwing up relieves&nbsp;a migraine. TIA
Hi Ken,Ann
My 11yr. old son has been having very quick onset migraines. Within 30 to 45min. he will vomit and the headache is magically gone. I have a history of migraines ( my father has the black out type). I also have Multiple Sclerosis. I am concerned that there may be something more to this than just a headache. I would love to hear from anyone who has children that have had this problem or even adults. I never vomit with my migraines eventhough I get nauseated... Thanks
I have had many migraine attacks that if I move my head even a little,I will start vomiting and not be able to stop for hours. So,I have learned to keep Dramamine on hand. I take it as soon as my pain level starts going up. You have to be careful not to get dehydrated and of course vomiting will do that.  I have also actually thought my head would explode with the pressure of both the pain and the vomiting.
Hi Everyone, I started having migraines about-Thanks
HI.guys.Ive been getting migraines since i was 16 years old and know Im 41.Too many years dealing with this s_it.I really dont know why my headaches vanish for months at a time and then come back with a vengance.Well its back to the doc.But gonna try the throwing up thing today. God help me please!!!!!!!!! Only him and you guys know what this PAIN is really about.Thank you guys!!!!!

I had my PFO closed Thursday, November 29, 2007.  I am having terrible chest pain.  The &quot;chicken bone&quot; you mention sums it up well.  I had a full stroke 9/21/06.  Two TIA's prior to that (which I just learned I had from the MRI read by a better doctor).  And, two TIA's since the stroke while on 325mg of aspirin.  I am now on plavix and aspirin.  My doctor thinks the pain is from the TEE and the esophogus might have been damaged.  I had similar pain in 06 when they did the TEE but not this bad.  Any thoughts on this one?  What did you do to relieve the pain?  I am taking 3 Advil every 6 hours.
Have any of you had any migraines since the closure? Just curious, I have a small PFO that they want me to get close to take down my stroke risk and help&nbsp;with my migraines and I haven't done it because of the expense (not the greatest insurance). I am not sure if I do want to get it done now after reading the post. 
That's great to hear. I had a MRI, MRA and CAT Scan done. It was all done on my head though. When my symptoms first started to appear they though the third ventricle of my brain was enlarged. Then they thought it was seizures and now I am diagnosed with Acephalic migraines with Aura, Migraine with Aura, Cluster migraines and ice pick migraines. During a neurolgist exam they heard a murmur in my heart and sent me to a cardiologist who found the PFO. Now they recommend having it because of the high risk for a stroke (my half brother has the same condition as me and was treated for a TIA, which make me higher risk for a stroke) closed but due to insurance (not the greatest insurance) and lack of money I am postponing it. Thanks for all the information.


Welcome Wildfire27!
Thanks Patched1129. I really appreciate it. I hope for your continued healing and hope to post good news tomorrow. Wildfire27
Thanks for the reply.  I was hoping to find a PFO &quot;Support Group&quot; online.  I know the docs like to sell the procedure as no big deal, but clearly the heart responds in ways that are often not clear.Good luck on the TEE.
Just as some background.  The pro football player Tedy Bruschi had a major stroke in Feb 2005.  It was caused by a PFO.  He had it fixed in March 2005 and started playing football again in Nov 2005.  He was having biweekly TEE's during practice to make sure everything was ok.  He had written a book aboutSo keep that in mind that things should heal in the long term and you'll be good to go.
I had a TIA that led to discovery of the PFO.  It was &quot;medium&quot; size according to my doctor.  Your doctor has probably told you that ~20% of the entire population has PFO's.  2nd and 3rd opinions from doctors are always good.
Hi Wildfire..I have really wierd symptoms. And its been 2 years now with these symptoms... 6 bubbles passed when they did the bubble study. Is it definite that I will have a stroke??? Not only that, I have factor v leiden which is a genetic blood clotting disorder....
Question for Wildfire27.  Congratulations on a successful closure.  What has your doctor told you aboutI'm 6.5 weeks post closure.  I'm still taking it easy.

Hi undiagnosed,
wow, im so sorry to hear what your going threw, i have had the same problem minus the car addicent, and i have been to the ER atleast 2 times and the doctors 3 times and i have gotten ct's and an mri and they still don't know what it is, but i had blood taken 3 weeks ago and they said my thyroid count was high and that i should come back in a few days to get more blood taken, but im sure that is not the problem, because i have been getting horrible headaches and i swear i have a bump on the right backside of my head   
Dear undiagnosed,Hoping you're doing better!
No I still have not been diagonsed. I still am taking more tests. I had a 2 hour eeg done and it came back normal. I am going to take one for the pituitary gland and see a headache specialist. I feel something more I have not befor, The inside of my body feels like it is freezing as well as the outside. I have stomach pain as well. Thank you all for your support and information.
All of this started after your accident so it would seem to me that that is obviously the cause.  I don't know waht could have happened but people with whiplash get a lot of weird syptoms.  The drainage out of your nose does this happen frequently??  Does the headache go away when you lie down??  Also low potassium, while your doctors think it is no big deal, could very well be causing your problems.  All of the other stuff the doctors will say is anxiety because your symptoms are all over the place, trust me I know how this feels.  I would really focus on the accident when talking to your doctors.
Please insist they check your spinal fluid levels. You very well could have a leak.
hey i went throught the same problem..the empty numb sensation and pulling in the head twithing kinda..it came to me coz of some tabs i took,..take care hope u r better and get well soon.
Hi-again-
Google Myclonic jerk and or hypnic jerk.&nbsp; That could be an explanation for you what you experience as you go to sleep.&nbsp; 

Wotan,
Thanks Stella Marie--
Wotan,

Thanks for the info Robert.  I don;t think I will be using Botox for esophageal spasms any time soon.  A little too much botox and we may never have to worry about
Hi, Wotan. May I ask you if you recieved the botox injections before or after the myoclonus started? Thanks!
I'm a 20 year old male, and I've been having worsening symptoms over the last year. It started out a year ago with a tingling/numbness in one area on my back near my shoulder blade. This came and went and I figured it was just a pinched nerve. After a month or two it went away, and I haven't had tingling there since.
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
So I'm 33, weigh 175 and am 5'11&quot;... Not over weight but I'm also not in shape. I'm very sedentary and work a desk job, I hardly ever exercise except walking. I used to be very athletic up until about to have a nervous breakdown. Thanks.
Hello,I am not sure if I should push for a LP or not...
I used to be on this MS forum and then after getting diagnosed with Lyme, stopped really thinking my symptoms were MS. My neurologist isnt convinced yet. i have a follow up to discuss these results soon, just waiting on the nurse to call to schedule. any help would be GREATLY appreciated. I did post this in my Lyme forum, but I am assuming most wont be familiar with MRI results. I was hoping that we would finally, after 5 years of testing, be able to take MS off the table, but then i got these results and am just really not sure what is going on at all. Multiple dr's have discussed MS over the years, but there was never evidence in my MRI's to support it. I also had a lumbar puncture that came back normal, except the correlating bloodwork showed &quot;Immunifixation serum: polyclonal gammapothy igm, lambda and kappa typing increased&quot;, no clue what that is either. any help would be appreciated for my anxious, worrying mind.
After years of frustration and misdiagnosis, I gave up on my &quot;probable MS&quot; diagnosis.  I agreed that maybe I did  have fibromyalgia.   Turns out I do not. Be well yall.
Hello-I haven’t really asked any questions here- my apologies. I’m just so scared... I want input; advice; information.... anything! Any similar stories out there?  Thank you!
Hi,So does anyone have advice? Can you see overlap with my symptoms and yours?
Hello all-I have only recently been diagnosed; treated for my flare up with steroids; and now- onto the full time medication.  My doctor and I decided on Copaxone.  I believe I will be doing the 3 times per week injections.  Can anyone whom has been on this medication give me any input or feedback on it?  From my minimal research; side effects seem to be fairly minimal... but everyone is different.
Hello, everyone.
So over a year ago I was told by the MRI report and an MRI that I have MS, deciding that it was something I would rather not have I searched for and found another neurologist who said that the lesions were migraine related. I truly now believe that he based it on my history of chronic migraines and the fact that I take a preventative as well as a medication for when they happen.
I have an appointment with a neurologist Dec 5 but until then I'd like to bounce this off anyone that understands MS. I'm 62 year-old female so I know that puts me in tiny minority for having MS. 
Are dry heaves an MS thing? I had them for hours two nights in a row.
I was diagnosed with MS a month ago. I got my first Copaxone injection on Wednesday 11/22. Something very strange is happening with my vision. I’ve had the same prescriptOf course with the holiday- I’m not getting through to any doctors...
HI everyone, I've been on a very odd journey over the last few months. starting with spasms and  pain in back 6 months ago, leading to a sciatica type pain in left leg, numbness on outside of calf. Then about all. My GP is unsure sending me for sleep tests as I snore and otherwise seems to be at a loss . has anyone else had nausea and fatigue with dizzyness with MS?
I have very bad pains around my head, I have spoke to my nurse about this in the past but she says it's not really pains she just thinks its because I no its in my head ! I actually  (think) can feel lumps it's seems much worst at night & has been getting unbearable lately I lie there crying holding my head, has anyone had anything like this or is it in my head ?  Jane539
Hey Everyone!!!Im just wondering if anyone has experienced a weightless limb symptom before. My left leg feels like its not there from the knee down, however, its not numb and i can feel touch. Its making it hard to walk because its feels weightless when i move it. Anyome else ever have this issue?
I have hemorrhoid problem since 2016
I have nearly lost all urges to urinate. I went to the neuro last week. She mentioned MS, Vit D and B12 deficiency, diabetic neuropathy. So, I am doing some research until she looks over the CT and MRI's. Has anyone here had trouble with the loss of urge to urinate? I only know my bladder is full when my belly aches or I have the feeling like there is a small ball in my abdomen. I am having to check every couple of hours. Its only gotten worse. I have told the neuro and contacted my gp this afternoon. I was up for aboutIm not looking for a diagnosis. Just wondering if its something people with MS have a problem with. It started off as every great once in a while and now over the last few weeks it has gotten worse. I am really starting to worry. As much as I would like the docs to move a bit faster on this, I realize it takes time. The pain and ball feeling was excruciating last night. And the amount of times I awake with belly pain each night has increased. I havent found much on the loss of urge for the 3 possibilities I mentioned above.
Hello, looking for a Muscle relaxer for occational use without groggy side effects. I used to use Skelaxin (Metaxalone) years ago. Worked great, no side effects. Now its not covered with my Rx coverage and it over $200 at Target.
Anyone here with MS and Occipital Neuralgia?
I went to my appointment this morning telling the doc I didnt know where to go from here, theres not really much more we can do from here. She asked what the neuro had said, and I told her the neuro said not caused by diabetes, numbers are too low, not caused by low Vit D and B12, they are normal, and not MS because the foci are on one side of the brain. Thats when she said that the neuro had emailed her and said she wanted to keep an eye on me and suspects its the beginning stages of MS. The doc says she is giving me a &quot;pre&quot; diagnosis of MS. A bit of relief has been off my shoulders now, but I can only somewhat take this with a grain of salt. Last January I was positive on one test for Lyme but not another, Then it was a pituitary tumor on my ct, but didnt show on my mri. Now it is a &quot;pre&quot; diagnosis of MS. The doc says that i will be seeing her and the neuro on occasion to keep an eye on it. To see if there are anymore lesions showing on the other side. Can anyone explain to me in further detail &quot;pre&quot; diagnosis and the OMS diet?
Lately, my emotions have been getting the better of me.   I had a terrible anger outburst today, in which I totally lost control of my emotions, in front of a great deal of people.     I was yelling and cursing at someone, who definitely provoked me, but did not deserve to be spoken to like that.   I totally lost control of my anger, and this is something I do not do often.    Of course, I cry a lot, and get depressed, off and on, as well; but I've never lost control of my temper like I did today, and I find it very disconcerting.     I will not take meds for this, as I am a pretty active, doubles tennis player, and cannot play when I'm on drugs.   Does anybody else find that their MS, effects their control of emotions, and anger?
Hi, just wondering if anyone else has had some experience with this issue.Anyone else have lesions for an unknown reason?  I would appreciate any thoughts.
Hi all.Thank you in advance.
Hi everyone,I am a 35 y. o female who first developed neurological symptoms approximately 6 years ago. It started when I came home from work one day, had a shower, and was overcome with tiredness. I lay down on the couch and my entire vision went, I could barely see, and had right sided facial drooping. My partner took me to hospital and it resolved in the waiting room. They told me to come back if it ever happened again. From that day onwards, I had varying degrees of dizziness as my only symptom. Four years ago, I went out one night and hit the alcohol pretty hard. The next day I had extreme dizziness, couldn’t get out of bed the entire day, and when I stood up to go to the bathroom, I had a stroke and fell back down onto the bed. My entire right side went completely numb and I was taken to hospital. I had to learn to walk again, feed myself etc. The doctors didn’t know why it happened but found elevated levels of antiphospholupid syndrome. I was put on Clexane and my dizziness resolved. However, now four years later, my dizziness has returned despite Clexane and I am scared that I was misdiagnosed, and now I’m worried it is MS. I know I will need to go to see a neurologist and hopefully get an MRI, but I was hoping to see whether other people had similar presentations before their diagnosis, specifically the dizziness.
Hey guys. I went to the eye doc for the second time in 3 weeks with eye pain. 1st trip i had 20/20 vision, but pain in my right eye with movement, color blindness in the right eye, and some loss of peripheral vision in the right eye. However my optic nerves were not inflamed. They got me a referral to a neuro ophthalmologist for the 22nd.Have any of you experienced ON without the optic nerve showing obvious inflammation? Have any of you had ON in both eyes at the same time?


I have FINALLY returned to work, YAY! But find that my memory, or words, are not what they used to be... I believe I may have some sort of  getting promoted, but I find this word thing is going to prevent that.
Oh Sandy! 
Well when you find that magic switch let me know.  I too have had those wonderful experiences at work, not good when you look at a specimen and you know the Nurses intinals but you can't type it in the computer to recieve it and it's a STAT to boot.  Talk about
Carlarhonda

Hi Sandy  Dale
Hi all. Fatigue has my been my MS Monster,  but I can relate to some level with the cognitive issues. I work in the Information Services department and with all of them being nerds anyway, very little conversation is needed. Most of our conversations are either via e-mail or Instant Messenger. Thank God. Something you might want to consider is a hand held like PDA where you can type a brief history of your patients. Like key words that will get you going and use that when you are reporting on them. It also looks like you are going the extra steps by trying to find alternatives, so keep with it. When I have face to face meetings, I typically write down key words that I need to remember when speaking. It helps. Lists are wonderful too. Bullet items look clear and straight forawrd, so maybe a bulleted patient history would be beneficial when giving report. After you give the report just shread it (I know how confidential information is very important to you) but at least you know you covered everything you wanted. You may not be able to write out 20 pages of history but you can type or write out 20 key word bullet items. Just a thought. I hope it helps you. I'm wishing you the best.
Hello there.&nbsp; I have had UC for 12 years, since I was 15.&nbsp; I have tried most meds out there with little help.&nbsp; Remicade was kinda working but I had a reaction.&nbsp; Now I am going to try Humira.&nbsp; All my problems are rectal, one darn rectal ulcer that won't go away after 4 years already.&nbsp; I used to have UC in my colon but 4 years ago or so it went to my rectum only and stayed there.&nbsp; My GI told me a j-pouch wouldn't be good for me because I could get perianal abcesses?&nbsp; I am confused and trying to think of the future and having an ostomy and having my rectum removed but it seems like such a huge change. Will I be spilling poop all over, not be able to shower, wear clothes I like, will people be able to tell?&nbsp; I am sorry, this is all new to me...
Having a reaction to Remicade is not unusual and there are steps one can take to prevent a reaction in the future.&nbsp;I also had a reaction the 2nd time I tried it about
I do not have UC but I do have bladder cancer. My bladder and everything else down there was removed in 2001. I have been wearing a Urostomy pouch ever since. Cancer cells were found in the lymph nodes in the groin so that meant 3 months of Chemotherapy. 2008, almost, and I am still here.
i am definitely interested in keeping in touch as well
Princess and Praying,
u guys are sooo encouraging. its been about
This is a question for those of you who had a total colectomy to rid yourself of Ulcerative Colitis:

I hope you were as happy with the work Dr. Remzi did for you as I am with mine, GISGuy.  I was lucky enough to get away with only a 5-inch incision, however I also have a mutilated bellybutton (the incision goes right through it).  
For those of you without your colon....Since we no longer have a colon does the small intestine drop at all or does it still stay put?  I never thought to ask...
I think gravity and scar tissue play a role in where things &quot;settle&quot;.   But I'm pretty sure that things just fall into the space that is available.... however much and where ever that may be!
I think it moves around, too, because&nbsp;sometimes I'll get a kink in mine, which will cause a partial blockage, and that never happened when I had my colon. It happened over the weekend and I got frustrated, so I did a handstand to try to reverse gravity and unkink it. It seemed to help, because it started to unblock itself after I did that. Hey, you learn something new every day!  
you did a handstand? that's awesome!
My hubby (God bless him) held my ankles. Everything was going well until my puppy came up and started licking my face! I started laughing and almost fell over.  
aren't dogs so helpful? :) I love dogs!!If you want to know more, just ask me!
Thanks for all the responses!!
Just a quick post to tell y'all how much I appreciate this Forum and the people on it.&nbsp; I don't know what I would have done through all of my trials without the support and knowledge of so many.&nbsp; Thank you all so much!&nbsp; I am now recovering from hernia surgery to the stoma site.&nbsp; It went well, but I am still very sore...today is 8th day post surgery.&nbsp; Tomorrow I have the drain removed (hopefully) along with the staples.&nbsp; My hubby is recovering from same surgery but 5 days ahead of me...he is doing well, and will probably have his staples removed tomorrow as well....YAHOO!!&nbsp;I hope everyone is having a great day!&nbsp; ...Cheryl&nbsp;
Glad to hear all is well. 

you dont really smell it most likely its in  your mind!  I used to do that at first too, i was constanty thinking people smelled me,all the time.  And going up to my husband saying, smell me!
suzy-i told you it was silly, lol.
I had my temporary loop ileostomy done in Nov. 2011 after my Sub-Total Colectomy didn't offer much relief (that was done in 2009).&nbsp; Within a month of having the temp. loop ileo my stoma retracted and now I just have a "dime-sized" hole in my stomach; but of course, I still wear a bag because some waste exits my body in this way.&nbsp; I also have BM's a few times a day because some waste is going down the loop since it did retract.&nbsp; I get pain when the waste bypasses the "opening" in my stomach (so-called stoma) and goes down to my low pelvis.&nbsp; Now my doctor is thinking I should have a defecography (which I have never had done) to determine if there is something that can be fixed so I can then be reconnected (so essentially I would be going back to having a Sub-Total Colectomy Result).&nbsp; I know this is very confusing but I think there are a few people on this site that may understand and be able to give me some input.&nbsp; I just didn't think it was possible to do a "defecography" on a person who has an ileostomy (retracted or not).&nbsp; Do you think it would be wise to do this?
I've been having low output lately. I've been trying to dink plenty of water a day but sometimes it hard. Is there a problem if my output it low? Could I have a blockage? Its not water when it comes out. It's fairly thick like toothpaste. Suggestions?
Yea that's understandable. I don't usually eat 2 at once. But maybe bread for lunch and potatoes for dinner. Wat about soups? If I make some soup with carrots, celery, broccoli and cauliflower with cornstarch to thicken and ate that would that be bad?  I hate that ppl say don't eat cooked fruits or veggies for the first 6 weeks. Carbs make your output thicker... So they aren't good all the time. So to eat I'm supposed to gave what? Just a slab of meat? I'm so bored with eating but I'm always hungry. And I cant for the life of me figure out what the hell I can eat
Ok. Yeah I think I'll wait on the soups. I'm really picky when it comes to food and don't like a lot of things in soup. Thanks for the heads up. How much prune juice do u think it would take to get things a little loser and moving in my tummy?
I am curious as to what everyone's limit is when lifting heavy objects.&nbsp; For instance, I never worked on gaining back any stomach muscles (no leg crunches for me!), so now I have a very hard time lifting any weight when it is out in front of me.&nbsp; If the weight is to the side of me and I can use my legs, I do pretty well.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
i'm worried about07/08/2010 - loop ileostomy
i don't have much problem lifting things, i don't know what my weight limit is, but i know i've lifted over 50lbs since then.  And i do light arm weights and leg weights, and i do core training.  Some of the exercises are really easy, one is just leaning back holding yourself up with only your stomach muscles.  another is holding your legs out in front of you, while leaning back and picking them up, pulling them in, lifting them higher, then lowering them again.  then some are harder and involve going from low plank to high plank using mainly your stomach muscles.No matter what kind of day you are having, take five minutes to sing loudly and dance like a fool!
hi everyone, i've been in touch with Rosemary through email and&nbsp;she's just checked in to mt sinai.&nbsp;surgery is&nbsp;Monday morning. she was admitted to a local hospital few days ago b/c of severe spasming and was unable to eat or drink. she&nbsp;didn't get a good care there and was sent&nbsp;home w/o being able to eat or drink. her PCP gave her iv's and that helped.&nbsp;i hope they can finally solve her issues now. thanks everyone for being here for her!
Does anyone ever get so frustrated with their appliance they want to say screw it and let the poop fall where it may?  I have changed my whole thing for the third day in a row because of various issues. The donut ring doesn't stay stuck to my skin and poop gets underneath.  The sticker comes undone and is flapping in the wind.  This kind of stuff is happening to me more and more lately and I do everything I can to fix it but it doesn't seem to work. I don't put lotion on it, I let it sit for a few minutes before I put a new appliance on. Yet, it still doesn't seem to last as long as it used to or should.  I feel that my doctors even ostomy nurses don't really understand this what it is actually like to live with an ostomy and having to deal with the daily complications, so I don't tell them about it cause when i do they just look at me and seem to forget that I ever mentioned it. Does anyone else have issues like this or is it just me?
Has anyone used a Plastic Surgeon to close their incision after the GI Surgeon reverses their ostomy? I've had my ostomy since Dec 2012 and my GI has given me the ok to start scheduling for my reversal. He is setting up a barium enema and is contacting a Plastic Surgeon to see what options I have for closure of my incision.
And how old are you?
Hugs to you Bluegrass and everyone else in the Boston area.  I have been moved to tears all week by the strength and courage of the people of Boston and surrounding area.  Working in law enforcement, I know the feeling of running in when everyone else is running away.  God bless you all.40 yr old female with Crohn's disease in the large bowel, two strictures.  Have only been on mesasol, asacol and pentasa.  Prednisone twice and Imuran.  Started Humira June 2012.  Stricture stretching July 25 and August 15, 2012.  GI perforated my colon causing emergency surgery and permanent ileostomy. Loving life without the pain of Crohn's disease!
Thanks guys :p Especially crohnsgirl. I would write more, but I'll wait until tomorrow 'cos it's late and I'm tired... &gt;.&gt;
Don't anybody read this next post if you can't cope with negative thoughts. my entire life. I have a massive chip on my shoulder. I feel like I'm a burden, a waste of space and money. There you have it, positive thinking in a nutshell.
The only thing that gets to me abouthave ileostomy probably permanent
Saw a very experienced local stoma nurse who has shifted me from my 3x daily packing of an opened incission, to a once per two days technique with a calcium alginate gauze.  Going from packing this thing 3x a day to 0.5x a day is simply awesome.... And she is convinced it will heal faster this way.  Was just curious if anyone else has experience with this other method- crossing my fingers that it will help, not hurt healing.  The 3x a day method with standard gauze sure seemed very traumatic.
I'm due for closure soon, last Wednesday I had a barium enema xray done to make sure there are no leaks. Unfortunately, the xray showed a small tiny leak. The doc said I need redo the test in 6 weeks to see if the leak closes before he can perform the closure. I'm kind of disappointed that I have to wait another 6 weeks and the need to redo the barium enema xray. I was wondering if this is common? (the doc said it's common that's why they do these test) is the leak going to close on its own in 6 weeks time? ugh...
So in April 2015 I started to develop a rash under my wafer. I used ConvaTec moldable convex since August 2014.Completely healed/normal blood work 12-15-14
Dan,52 years old, female.  Sick for way too long with Crohn's (or possibly UC)  Proctocolectomy and permanent ileostomy in Feb 2011.  Surgery for lingering perineal wound Sept 2011.   Wound finally all closed Feb 2014.  Exploratory surgery for obstructions Dec 2014, unplanned surgery for parastomal hernia April 2015; stoma moved to other side.  Hoping the problem is fixed.
Hello all,Colectomy for Colonic Inertia 6/2011
Recent ostomy recipient (4/27/17) due to Ulcerative Colitis and by July I noticed a tiny dot of irritation 2.5&quot; from my stoma. When I returned from my eclipse roadtrip on August 22nd it had blistered 
I have posted several times before but wanted to give just a bit of the backstory with this post.  In summer of 2013 I had ileo rectal anastomosis surgery done at Johns Hopkins. It was an ordeal with two surgeries, 31 days in the hospital and 3 months at home with TPN and a G tube.  Eventually it all worked out and I am living a normal life with about it?  Sorry for the long post.
Been a rough time with bag since I got home last week.  Area around Stoma is recessed bc new Stoma is smaller and stool is loose so more leaks.  Incision oozing also. Trying to keep leaks away from incision.  Any suggestions dealing with new Stoma and leaks??
So for the third time, I think I was hit with a partial blockage. The odd things is, the symptoms and the way they hit me are identical with all three instances and I'm not sure if something else is going on. about 6am after keeping me up all night in extreme discomfort. For most of the day Thursday I felt very run down but no pain except for a little abdominal soreness but as the day went on, I started to feel like I was getting sick. I got home late Thursday night feeling completely run down and checked my temp, it was 102. That fever lasted all night alternating sweats and chills and finally breaking early Friday morning. Today I just feel really weak and tired. These symptoms have been exactly the same on all 3 incidents:  pain/nausea &gt; pain/nausea goes away &gt; feel sick and develop a high fever &gt; fever breaks &gt; back to normal in a couple days. If I wasn't out of town I would of gone to my surgeons hospital but it wasn't an option. I have an appointment next Friday with him to pick his brain. Does this sound odd to anyone or sound like a typical blockage? Some say they develop a low grade fever with blockages but not as high as mine have been
Hi everyone Must admit, i know how life is now, but am i trading bad for worse?
I thought I had been dealing with a blockage for the past two weeks as I was having severe abdominal pain along with back pain, I thought it was weird that my output was fine though, I decided to tough it out and massage the area just in case, by the time Monday morning rolled around I was in severe pain but still had output. I went to the ER and they said my gastro track was fine then brought in a rolling bed to put me on a helicopter because of a blood clot in my portal vein. So I just wanted to tell everyone not to tough it out if you think something is seriously wrong!! Especially if you have had any autoimmune diseases as you have a higher risk for clotting!Diagnosed at 7, in the gray area between crohns and UC. Surgery on Jan 27, 2018 #nocolonstillrollin
My dad had the first of 3 step surgery for Jpouch and has a temp ileostomy. It's his fifth day post surgery and his stoma is not producing much output. They fed him a liquid diet once, but put him on IV again. He's in good hands but I just wanted to know your experience, it says on the internet that it takes about
I have had joint pain ( arthritis )  since my early 20's around the same time I was diagnosed with UC it's been pretty manageable.  When the weather changes and the barometric pressure changes I feel it in my joints.  But once again all manageable for 20 years. Scans show Osteoarthritis in the knees too. Next surgery late July ( take down )
I have severe UC and I'm in the hospital right now. All medications and alternative treatments have failed and my body is dying.  to happen.
I have back problems, therefore, I cannot sleep on my back all night (even with a pillow under my knees.)  If I have a leakage it is mostly during the night and it is always in the same place: on the left of my bag, where I have the deep scar in the middle of my stomach.  I am trying to  figure out how to avoid this leakage. Maybe it happened because I sleep on my sides during the night?  Any suggestions?
I am trying SenSura Mio 1 piece pouch and it comes with a belt that has 2 horns on each side.  It got unzipped when I lied down (didn't happened with a belt with one horn/clip on other models.) Tried to put a tape, but it didn't work.  Any suggestions?
I had two bowel resections in March from sepsis and diverticulitis and got a colostomy. I am having difficulty knowing how much fluid to drink. I’m trying but I don’t even like drinking water. I’m drinking aboutTerry
Be careful when dealing with Byram Health Care.  They billed my insurance company twice for the same order but the insurance company only paid them once.  Now they want me to pay for the order that the insurance company already paid for.  I called them twice and my insurance company called them twice.They always say they will correct the billing but they never do.  I really don't think they are trying to cheat me; I think they're just incompetent.  In any case,  they are not a very good company to deal with so beware.
To all the UC'ers out there who have had surgery.  Have you had experience with sudden hearing loss?  I just went through a spell where I noticed odd sensations in one ear.  when I went to the Ear/Nose/Throat Dr. they gave me a hearing test.  They said I had &quot;sudden on-set hearing loss&quot;  which is caused by our old friend inflammation. The treatment was two weeks of Prednisone starting at 60mg/day and working down to zero fairly quickly.Thanks!
Do you wash the neck of your pouch after emptying?  I use a handheld bidet to spray the neck to get all the gunk out before I fold it up and seal it.  Two ostomy nurses and one company rep told me that this was not necessary but it gives me the creeps to fold up a poopy pouch.  Any thoughts?
Evidence is suggesting Jpouch success rate is closely linked with the experience of the surgeon having higher success rates at hospitals that perform this surgery regularly.
I had a loop ileostomy 2/2/2017 because of colonic inertia w/ pelvic floor issues. Knowing what I know now, I would have questioned why they didn't remove the colon and do an end ileostomy at the time. We knew it would not make sense to do a take down because of the other issues, plus I'm nearly 65 so living with the pouch is easier than what I have gone through for so many years. None-the-less, it was done and I realize they were trying to be conservative.Major Depressive Disorder, Anxiety, PTSD
I was hospitalized 6 months ago for small bowel obstruction due to adhesions.  They tried conservative treatment with a nasogastric tube for 4 days, but ultimately I needed surgery.  Now I have had a second attack, and I am back in the hospital.  This time I refused the ng tube because it was so horrible, and I the evidence for its effectiveness in the absence of vomiting seemed inconclusive.  The surgeon was not happy with my decision, but so far (day 3) The problem seems to resolving with just nothing br mouth, IV fluids, and pain meds.  My question is, is there anyway to “manage” adhesions so this doesn’t happen again?  I am otherwise in excellent health, no other health issues or regular medications.
Hi all,UC for 10 years, last two+ had the never ending flare from hell.  Tried the usual meds, pills, steroids, biologics, diet, supplements and nothing worked.  Had perm ileostomy Feb of 2017. Feel great!
I started taking liquid iron a few days ago and a few things have changed . First late Friday my output is pure liquid and I am eating well , usually 3-4 times a day it’s thicker not liquid like now . And second I stopped passing mucus out of the back door I usually have the discharge 5-6 times a day ,, both normal for me . And now I am sitting up north at our cottage and I get a server pain where I can’t movd in my butt. I have never felt intense pain it only lasted a few mins now it’s slowly subsided yet I still fell an ache . 
Hope I'm on the correct page. Had a bowel resection and iliostomy 5 weeks ago due to complications with diverticulitis. Surgeon said I had an abscess and it was a mess in there. It's a temporary iliostomy. I'm still struggling with recovery. I'm still taking pain meds and struggling with dehydration. I can't take the Immodium they suggest. I'm normally really fit so maybe I'm impatient. Does this sound normal to still feel pretty crappy, especially in the mornings. I eating all the foods suggested to thicken up output, doing all the right things. The pain meds improve my appetite and help me move a bit better, but I probably shouldn't be relying on them? Can anyone that has had both give me some advice and reassurance. ? Thank you.
Hi everyone -- I'm new to these message boards but am desperately looking for someone who's had stoma revision surgery (where they move the ileostomy to the other side of the abdomen). I'm having it done Oct. 31 (Halloween -- creepy!), and I don't know what to expect. I'm guessing it's basically like ileostomy surgery the first time?
I just had mine moved from the right to the left because of disease, didn't have a choice.  The old ostomy 
My stoma for an ileostomy is starting to retract.  It's been 6 years since my surgery. How difficult is it to be moved to a new location or can surgery be preformed to extend the original stoma&lt;
I just joined Healing Well and wanted to introduce myself. My name is Erin and I just recently made a big move in November to come and help care for my grandmother who has Parkinson's. Not long after I moved here my mom put my grandmother in home against my wishes to care for her myself along side my grandfather (her husband) Since she has been in the nursing home she has only gotten worse, has major symptoms of depression, hallucinations, dementia...etcAnyhow, if anyone has any advice it would be much appreciated. Thank you. :)

Yes, I have had that very painful cramp. Mine feels like a severe electrical current running through my inner thigh. I just try to push against it. Sometimes that works.
In trying to figure out what's causing my upper left thigh cramps, here’s what played out this last month (September) to today:
I'm 43&nbsp; Please be honest.&nbsp; I'm okay in the present. i.e.&nbsp; I can take honest opinions.


Lizzy,
Lizzy,Truth.
TruthDan
 The Bear
Forgot to add, that I have, over the past year, experienced swallowing issues.&nbsp; Sometimes I need more water to make extra effort to &nbsp;wash vitamins or some food down my throat.&nbsp; Like they get stuck in the back of it, occasionally.&nbsp; And my specialist said my movements were a little slower (neither I nor my wife had noticed).

Hi Lizzy,
I've been on mirapex from it's first day on the market.Here are some observations in my case,and many other pd victms.
To All,
TruthGenesis here.  Been a while since I came to this site.  Forgot my password and actually closed the email account where I could retrieve, a while ago.  So now I am TruthGenesis2Hmmm..... Robin Williams...   As I stated in original post, I plan the same once I have progressed too far and meds can't help.  For now, I am still very happy and have a great wife.
TruthGenesis2:
 
Well, I guess 56 isn't really young onset but it feels like it.  HOW in the world are we going to get the strength to get through this???  Watching your spouse of 34 years waste away and trying to pretend there is hope???   Trying to keep them pumped up so they can work (how else will we pay for insurance and just to live?)  Mourning the loss of a companion.  Seeing grandchildren become afraid of this &quot;frozen man&quot;?  Dealing with the cold, shaky, slow motion person that rolls over for a good night kiss and you feel like you are in bed with your grandfather.  BTW - I have NO idea how to do this chat or forum stuff so I'll probably be kicked out before I get &quot;in&quot;???
There is hope geez!! Dont know all about your situation but symptoms can be managed fairly well.  I am 41 years old and have had alot of problems with my pd, but also have alot of good times also.
coltDan
lizzy
Hello everybody!Eternal
&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Good Morning Lizzy.  You are certainly right, I'm so blessed toEternal
&nbsp;


Eternal,You fear levodopa,and its irreversable effects.What aboutsupport Healing Well thru the sponsors and with donations.The light is always on stay well,and listen to your neurologist.

Hi everybody.Eternal

In April of last year, i started on natural parkinsons disease herbal treatments from RICH HERBS FOUNDATION, i am happy to report this PD herbal treatment worked very effectively. My parkinson is totally under control, i had a total decline in symptoms, the tremors, shaking, stiffness, congnition and speech problems stopped. Visit rich herbs foundation official web page ww w. richherbsfoundation. c om.  My family are amazed at the change and rapid recovery from parkinsons disease.
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Dose anyone know of this ? Trichloroethylene has anyone been in contact with and develop Parkinson's ? My husband worked with it and he died in 2000.? He only lived 2 years he was only 59 at time of death. I never thought he had true Parkinson's. I see there is now a link to Trichloroethylene and Parkinson's
Also wondering about VSL #3?   (I'll see my gastro doc soon to go over this but in meantime I'd like input.)
Does anyone know if there is a test for Parkinson's? Maybe a spinal tap?  I have tremors in my right hand, and just saw a neurologist who first wants to rule out a brain tumor, so I had an MRI on Saturday.  He didn't think I have a tumor, but has to rule it out.  He thinks it is probably Parkinson's and wants me to come back every 4 months to see if/how it progresses.  Not knowing will drive me nuts.  He said that there is a test for Parkinson's. I was kind of stunned when in his office, so I didn't think to ask the right questions.  Since then I've been searching, but I haven't found that there is a definitive test.  Does anyone in this community know? I have a follow up appointment in a couple of weeks, so if not, I hope I can remember to ask him then.
 i don't know how much longer I can tolerate this insomnia 🚫💤
Heard about this new drug Opicapone for use with sinemet for reducing &quot;Off time&quot;. Wondering if any of you have tried it. How does it work? How much does it cos? Any side effects?  Thnx
 
Parkinson's for almost ten years. Doing exceptionally well. However, my blood pressure is very erratic. High one minute, ten minutes later it's low. No blood pressure  medications help. When it's high sinemet brings it down in about thirty minutes. Anybody else have erratic blood pressure?
Has anyone tried Amino Acid Therapy by a Hinz trained doctor?  If so, what has been the results?  Thank you!
My neuro just told me I had Parkinsonism, not parkinson's disease. I am confused, what's the difference? Which is a better diagnosis? Is Parkinsonism progressive as is the disease?
In addition to my medication, I've experimented with vitamins.
My husband (age 79) has just been given a diagnosis of Parkinson's based on symptoms, history of symptoms, and family history (2 brothers with Parkinson's). He has no tremor, but has been having increasing problems with balance and  gait over the past several years; slowed movement; some stiffness on one side (leg, shoulder, hand); and bent over posture. He's also had a lot of night-time waking up, which he attributed to need to urinate; has recently had prostate shrinking surgery which is helping with that. However, he's developed extreme day-time fatigue since having that surgery. Neuro started him on sinemet 25/100 1/2 tablet 3X/day for a week, as of yesterday, up to one tablet 3X/day. I know it may take a while for the sinemet to take effect, to get the right dose, etc., but he's seen absolutely no change at all either in observable symptoms or how he feels. He figures he'll give the full dose a week, then call neuro if still no change. I know sinemet is supposed to be the &quot;gold standard&quot; for Parkinson's and that if it doesn't work, the symptoms may be due to something else. One of his brothers has tremors, and the effects of sinemet were pretty immediate; however, his PD has progressed to the point that he's mainly wheelchair-bound and has had to go into a nursing home as he has no spouse or family. Other brother did not have tremors, but did have a lot of problems with gait, freezing, lost his voice, swallowing difficulties, and ultimately passed away, but sinemet did help in the early years. Husband's neuro has recommended he get genetic testing/counseling, given the family history. it, having seen his brothers, and I'm none too happy.
 
Post approved by Founder & CEO Peter Waite:
Good Morning Everyone* I've visited soooo many and am getting confused. Thank you* Have a Wonderful Day*
I'm a 68yr old male. For the past 4yrs I've had uncontrolled balance loss which suddenly started on the morning of 7 Dec,2013. Since Feb of this year I've had involuntary foot stomping - https://youtu.be/Q8kQLcymZhc  This only happens whenever I'm standing and as far as I can tell there is no 'trigger' that sets it off. The video I posted a link to was taken by my wife. The episode actually lasted aboutChris
Does anyone have any proof of a link between diesel fuel and parkinsons. I'm 59 now but was diagnosed over 22 years ago ,having served as a second class Engineman for 4 years then in civilian with NJ TRANSIT for 26 years , 13 years as a mechanic the last 13 in supervision
My dad has Parkinson's, this is his second fall breaking his left hip now right hip in just a little over a year. He arrived at a different nursing home/rehab on Monday from the hospital after 1 week in the hospital. Today I got a horrible call from my mom stating that my dad was being hateful and wanted to talk to me. I called him and all he did was yell, saying I want out of here come get me. I want to die, I will break my neck, if you don't come I don't want to talk to you ever again. Yes it hurt to hear him say  these things, I tried reasoning with him telling him its not his time to die, to work his legs so he can go home, but to no avail, after taking to him and crying for hours I get another call saying they are taking him back to the hospital as they cannot handle him, he is fighting the nurses, refuses to take his  meds won't eat, I just don't know what to do. Please understand I live 9 hours away and work. I am the closest child in travel time. Help please
Been having shoulder pain and Been dropping things alotMy left eye lid ha's been twitching also.Feeling very abated.
Hi,.
I was diagnosed with Parkinson's about 51/2 years ago.  I am 59 years old now (female.)  I'm on Sinemet and Amantadine.  I'm on the Amantadine only for a little less than a month now.  It started working after 2 days for the dyskinesias.  The dyskinesias were becoming unlivable.  They have completely stopped.  But i'm afraid the Amantadine can stoop working anytime.
Hi allHas this happened to anyone else?  Any advice?


Hi Bob I can't offer any advice on this one, hopefully someone else on this board will be able to answer your question.Take care
hi bob ,ya leg cramps are bad painfull aswell, doctors dont seem to much about it my GP gave me some quinine tabs to try, its a bit better but not much , hope we can find something
re  quinine         thanks for the info i,ll go back to the docs, i,ll let you know what he says, prob take 2weeks to see him c u then
Hi Bob,fiestytex

Thank you to all.  I will follow up with advice presented here.  I have tried quinine for cramps (tonic water) and it does work sometimes.  Keeping up the calcium in my diet also helps.  The tonic is about 3 tablespoons once before bed,which in that amount I don't think has any side effects.  After all, gin and tonic is enjoyed by some people.  However it seems that I have to follow up more closely with the diagnosis of tendonitis and the tendon involved, and whether or not there is anything else wrong with my ankle.  I'll keep you up to date with what I find out.
Hi Yodapark, I thought Yekkimo got up early but we seem never to go to bed - or we both get up sleepless in Apsley. How's it going wth the cramps. I'm lucky I rarely get them - small mercies for which I am truly thankful. As you're a fellow Brit how are you coping with the medical profession in UK? Interesting readng people's stories here, it's an education in pd that seems unobtainable elsewhere in the UK.The Bear
bob, this is the 1st time i have looked up parkinson's on the internet. my brother for a long time had trouble with his legs and muscles in his legs. his muscles in his legs are moving about in them! you can see his calves moving around constantly. he gets pain in his legs and when he walks he takes little shuffling steps and cant seen to gain control of his legs or walking. he has vascular parkinson's  disease. the doctors have told my brother that it is all part of his disease

Hi Bob, Your last post was a year ago so I'm writing this in the off chance that you're still checking this site.  I don't know how or if leg cramping has anything to do with Parkinson's, but I can speak from experience about chronic leg cramping that I have brought under control.  I had charlie horses for years.  It finally got to where I dreaded going to sleep at night, because I had cramping all night long.  It was usually so bad that I had to try to sleep sitting up in a chair.  The cramping would hit both of my legs at the same time, and every square inch of my legs were cramped -- from my toes to my groin -- such pain and suffering.  Doctors could not tell me why I had this chronic problem.  Finally looked at my diet.  I cut out carbonated beverages.  I threw out every product in the house that contained artificial sugar or especially aspartame.  My chiropractor has a detox setup, so I did twelve sessions, drawing toxins out of my body. I changed my diet to organic foods.  Our food supply is robbed of the nutrients it once had, and one can only find wholesome nourishment these days in organic foods which are specially grown.  I started taking 200 mg of magnesium three times a day: morning, afternoon, and evening, along with 1800mg  of calcium, 600mg three times a day.  It is the magnesium, however, that helps leg cramping.  I also have stopped snacking after 8:00 p.m.  When we eat a large flow of blood rushes to our stomach to help digest our food, thus leaving our extremities and muscles -- in my case -- without the necessary blood flow to cleanse my muscles.  Thus, I had severe leg cramping.  I still get leg cramping from time to time, but it is within the realm of &quot;normal&quot; cramping.  It never fails, however, if I break my rule and eat even the slightest snack after 8:00 p.m., assuming I'm not allowing three to four hours for my food to digest before going to bed, I most certainly will be struck with one or more leg cramps in the evening hours as I sleep.  I hope you find this helpful.  Ann
You may also want to be tested for a condition called &quot;thick blood&quot; (especially if you also have stents)Hope this helps....
bob, this leg cramps will be cured by taking calcium medicines and doing exercises with good diet.most time u should walk which will cure your leg cramps.
Hi
time to get your calcium,and potassium levels checked.See your g.p. dr.for this.This might not be the cause but is worth eliminating.Wish you the best .Ed
I use a homeopathic remedy at night- cuprum metalicum- helps me with leg cramps.
 

Oh yes I can relate to this one. I recall laying there watching the nurse prepare the biospy probe and he (the nurse) called it BIG SAM. I was awake for my biopsy and remember it all to well. Would love to hear your story.My PSA at diagnosis was 16.3
I also can relate to this with a big yes. I’ll even go one step further, I had radiation treatment not surgery and had to lower my pants and draws every morning on the table in front of not one but two nurses. By treatment 30, I got over it.
The nurse was in the room the whole time .longer than the doctor, I'm sure she could see anything she wanted no big deal, not for me50 years old
Thank you Dale, I appreciate your response  Wiggyann
Hi Jim,Wiggyann

Thanks Lungman,psa at ten months 0.7
After 64 years of having nobody else but my Mother, the boys in gym showers and my wife seeing me naked, I spent the last 3 month's with my pants off more than on.

OK - I had the 20 something, pretty, nursing student examining me and have to admit it was uncomfortable ..... to break the tension (that only I felt)  I thanked her for not laughing at what she saw ...... we both laughed at my comment and I was ok.


Well said TC-
This is data I compiled years ago now, but could serve as a comparitive basis as to costs here in USA and abroad in US-dollars. Lupron, Zoladex, Casodex,&nbsp;Proscar were ones I have some data on, not comprehensive and maybe not worth the cyber paper herein I am writting it on. But just so people understand some of this is marketing.
We are paying $260 for Casodex with Insurance - so its probably close to 600 a month for the non insured.
Hi all,, hope everyone is doing better. Husband had RP 6 weeks ago, doing better after removal of cath.My question is in regards to husbands Pathology report.What does it mean when it says... Perineural invasion-Identified?Tumor Multicentricity- Identified? Addition Pathological Findings-High GradePIN? Oh,, How serious is Stage:pT2c NO Mx?
Hi Maritza...I can answer a couple
Tumor multicentricity- cancers with two or more centers (foci) of disease appearing in different areas of the same tumor.  I would interpret it to mean there were two or more areas within the gland with tumor in it.  I may be wrong, of course... 
OOPs..Tony I gotta stop writing after dark! I know the right answer...thanks for correcting my momentary 
Overall it sounds like the results were good. Understanding having cancer is not good, but since he does at least it is better than some. Stay positive, stay healthy, and keep a loving sharing heart. My PSA at diagnosis was 16.3
Still thinning about my library, have two barely used books related to PC.&nbsp; Both are free, and I will include shipping to the first people that e-mail an interest.
The first book was given to me by my uro/surgeon the night he gave me the bad news.  It was passed around to the adult family members that were clueless on the subject, and to a couple of nurses as well.
Uncle Harley,

cheries, glad to read you again.  Rather than posting a news article with the pros and cons, we'd really rather know your personal experience with the procedure.  How about
I agree that there was probable  cause for the moderator to remove the article, although I found it reasonably well balanced.
No, guys...Cheries was earlier saying &quot;I had considered seeds, but then I read this&quot; and he goes on to quote a posting and a reply from someone on WebMD.  Paste some of the text into Google and you'll see what I mean.  He was quoting this exchange: http://boards.webmd.com/webx?THD@@.89de8a3b!thdchild=.89de8a3b/7 in the earlier thread here on HW.
Galileo: thanks for correcting my interpretation. Now that I go back and re-read the thread I linked to, I can see that Cheries was quoting others, and did not actually 
JerryB-UK, when you do have yours, make sure you come back here and give us the details.  We sadly hear lots of hype from supposed patients but concise details of their experiences are in short supply.  I hope first cherie, now you will share your personal experience with the procedure, start to finish with us, so we can read about
Jeremy,&nbsp;Age 47 (44 when Dx) 
From the bottom of the page linked above:
cheries, thank you for your detailed experience with the procedure.  That's the first time I have been able to read a complete start to finish version, that I recall.  We usually get a short pie in the sky version from an attempted spammer, which is quickly killed.  I do hope you will continue to post your experience with it in the next months, so we can have a complete view of the trip.  Thanks..

Jeremy,
Jeremy
Iggy, what gives?  We have several on here now that don't have PC dx, but might, that post, and are seeking support and information.
Have any of you folks heard about
I take 2000mg l_Argine 3 times weekly with sildenafil with no noticable side effects, or front effect either, for that matter..... 
Taking 1000 mg a day (Vasoflow gel caps )  mostly daily (I still have some remaining in 360 count bottle after a year .. so obviously I have not been that faithful about

Jeff, online vitamin and herb stores are the cheapest.  Check Amazon.com for some leads.  That's where I get mine.
Eng55 ... that is good to know about
Well this is dad's disease!  So here we are...So here's to thinking of you all today! 
Thanks Tony and Happy Fathers Day to you. It is bittersweet as my father passed away last week and he was just a great father. He was 85 years old and I hope to make that age or more.
Thanks, I hope all the dads out there slept too late, ate too much,  and enjoyed the day.   
Thanks David,
Michael, I am glad that you were good with your father, and have the fond memories to help you through this.  My father died in 1993, and we had no kind of positive relationship, not even after he became ill about: Gleason 3+4, pT2c, 42g, 20% cancer, 1 pos margin
Tony and all my HW brothers,Goodlife
Happy Father's Day to you all! I hope the day was filled with family and friends! Cheers to wonderful dads everywhere! 
Tony C couldn't have said it any better back in 2010.J
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Had my first six month PSA check last week [10 months post surgery] and I have to say I was sweating bullets a week or two before the exam. In a lot of ways it was harder than the first after surgery report and of course the nurse put me in the room where I had my biopsy, not the regular exam room, which had me thinking up all sorts of fun things.
Tim,Latest PSA test (21 months) <.008 ?
Since there isn't a gosh darn thing I can do but deal with the results I don't sweat the small stuff. 
The most positive comment that I can make is that most of the time I do not think about7month post SRT PSA .2
i sure hope it gets easier, six flags can't touch this roller coaster. went for my third post rt test today and will get results next tuesday.&nbsp; seems i usually do fine until the week of test and the week after waiting for results. sure helps to chat with others experiencing the same ride. good luck.
Hi, Timm.&nbsp; Hopefully it will get easier for you.&nbsp; I went through RT 9 mos. post RP. I sweat out the Psa tests for the first 12 months, and they all came back .1, except for the 12 month which came back &lt;.1 which indicated that it was trending downward.&nbsp; So from now on, no more worrying.&nbsp; The doc said he'd see me in one year.&nbsp; A very nice reprieve from Psa anxiety.&nbsp; Hope the same for you.

I am one of those gleason 6 guys who could of done AS, or some form of radiation, or form of surgery which I did. Everybody says gleason 6's dont escape the capsule, right? I should have had my 2 year post psa in December but I changed jobs and my health insurance got all screwed up until now. Going back in 3 weeks for final psa before i find a local urologist for annual psas. I had surgery out of town because nobody did robotic nearly 3 years ago in my town. I wanted a better outcome, alas I am still doing trimix for ED. I guess going out of town didnt really help. As my signature shows SUPPOSEDLY&nbsp; I had very little prostate ca compared to others. If my psa starts to rise i am gong to be super pissed, all the way to the radiation oncologist, what can u do..........5 0's in a row, still use trimix for ED
Hi Timm,I figure there is nothing I can do to change it ,  its out of my hands, live life and deal with anything that comes up after it comes up
There have been a lot of discussions on using pomegranite on this forum. This was just posted on HealthBoards by a very knowledgable poster.
That's great news John.
Phase III Clinical Trial on this is on-going:A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of The Effects of Pomegranate Extract On Rising Prostate-Specific Antigen Levels In Men Following Primary Therapy
Bob,
&nbsp;
&nbsp;&gt;&gt;My other problem is that I don't like pomegranate juice, but I quite like fresh pomegranate when it's not cold weather, so it would be good to know whether eating the fruit too was beneficial. The fruit is also much easier to find where I live&lt;&lt;
As I mentioned in my prior posts, there are a number of clinical trials on-going with pomegranate. The one I am most interested and eagerly waiting for is the Phase III double blind randomized trial.I too worry that even if PSADT lengthens, it is really not slowing down PC as there may be pomegranate refractory PC, just like with Hormone therapy. But hopefully a combination therapy of pomegranate, hormone, etc. would make PC a chronic illness like combination drugs do to HIV?
Ed,  you seem to have trouble accepting that not every one buys into the great Pom debate.  Doesn't make either side right or wrong, dumb or smart.  Just another of a thousand and one personal decision each of us makes in our lives..Latest: 6 Corr Surgeries to Bladder Neck, SP Catheter since 10/1/9, SRT 39 Sess/72 gy ended 11/09, 21 Catheters, Ileal Conduit Surgery 9/23/10
I am not rushing to the store. I alternate cherry and a pomgranite juice every morning (replaces my much-missed orange juice), but I am not going to toss money on supplements unless I know they will help. The pockets here are not deep.
We always hear aboutDX at age 58. RP; Orchiectomy; GS (4 + 2); bilateral seminal vesicle invasion; tumor attached to rectal wall; Stage T4; Last PSA September, 2010: <0.1 ng/m
Ralph,
Tim G,DX at age 58. RP; Orchiectomy; GS (4 + 2); bilateral seminal vesicle invasion; tumor attached to rectal wall; Stage T4; Last PSA September, 2010: <0.1 ng/m
Do you think 500mg tumeric curcumin supplement could turn your urine a dark yellow?
I am seeing for a third time a presentation of the C-11 Choline PET scans.  These are not normal PET scans.  Choline is a new contrast that is providing a new and exciting way to detect metastatic prostate cancer in cases with PSA as low as 1.  Much has stated here are HW about
Chris,
Thanks 142 - Unfortunately our Oncologist is not in network and did not prescribe this procedure.  We asked aboutCompleted chemo Dec 2009
Concerned,
The info is just out on the news about&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;mentioning their contribution in this. Great idea and it generally perfect way to give back. The Magic Bus for kids enjoyment (LOL- I made that up right now).
&quot;WHO&quot; CARES   
Hey Zufus - you missed the pun  &quot;The Who CARES&quot;
I am not getting enough restful sleep i have to get up and pee every hour and a half to two hours
Jaxum,Bill
Hi,
Has anyone found that food and alcohol effects the effectiveness of TRIMIX injections? That is, eating or drinking say an hour before injecting?&nbsp;
Thanks. I only hAve  a couple of beers. What I do is mark the area to be injected. That ways its a little easier to do
BillI think a lot has to do with the injection. I take time. Mark it first. Do a 2 or 10oclock and then stick in at a 90 degree angle all the way in to find the spongy tissue. I also last long over 2 hours but take the Sudfeds
So sorry to hear that!!!  Well look at it this way, she showed her &quot;true colors&quot;  Are you  still able to enjoy sex ?
My husbands PSA was never over 17 but his disease continues to quickly progress.  We were told that low PSA numbers sometimes are a more aggressive cancer.  is anyone in the same situation?
My husband was first started on Lupron immediately after surgery.  He had bone mets at the time and they were watching something in his lung.  After one year he tried an experimental drug, ARN-509.  His PSA remained .05 for another year.  His next drug was Abiraterone because the lung nodes were increasing in size.  It did nothing for him so after three months he was taken off of the Abiraterone.  My husband is being treated in NYC at one of the top prostate cancer centers there.  This disease seems like a crap shoot to me, trying a little bit of this and a little but of that.
And my PSA after surgery/ adjuvant RT has been doubling at ~ 90 days. Currently 1.3.
There have been quite a few discussions here recently about
Jeff :04/08/10-0.05 ..09/23/10-0.05 ..03/24/11-0.02 ..11/09/11-0.02 ..03/29/12-0.02 -Zero Club -
Jeff,retested on 4/3/12 <.01 (38 months)
Curt Trimix,  Glen Snowbound,   That is so awesome I can't stand it!   You are a lucky man.  Your ED doc said  he gets 2 a year.  I don't know how many patients he has but those are probably not very good odds.   :-(
With Testosterone levels low , I did not understand the side effects , depression and feeling
hey 142! how is the HT treating you so far?
My PSA has ranged from 13.2 to 8.1 over the past two years. I do have an enlarged prostate, 105 gl, and was told a normal PSA for me was aboutCan anyone recommend a test that is currently the safest and most accurate? If so, where can I get this test...I am in Massachusetts.
Could you please provide the links to medical studies that show &quot;needle tracking&quot; of cancerous tissue is a medical fact. The only &quot;studies&quot; I have ever read that purport to demonstrate this are purely motivated by self interest on the part of those with much to gain financially and are hocus pocus science. Biopsy (if it is warranted) is surely not foolproof but it certainly runs rings around &quot;alternative&quot; methods. You are seeking to make an important decision with inadequate information. Your PSA is about
BillyMac,Incontinent, Trimix, VED for Rehab
I had the 16 core biopsy on Jan 16 at 6am. I bled for 3 days, after 7 days I had a bloody goop eject spurt, and hurt. now day now 18th day last night prostate still sore and my anus up there somewhere still feels like I sat on a nail? it is worse sitting or laying down, so sleep impossible without tylenol/codene or ibuprofin. Is it unusual to be sore this long. I would say a 2 on the pain scale. Just a bother not real pain. 18 days now 2.5 weeks. no bleeding and seman clearing.Perineural invasion in blocks f and h, invasive AC present.T2C

Get a notebook/folder and put all your medical appts/ the cancer but a way to help take in all the new information you will be given
These two labs are experts in PCa pathology and are recommended for second opinions on your biopsy:
IMAGING66 years old, rising psa for 10 years from 4 to 40; 12 biopsies and MRIS all negative. Oct 2009 DXed with G6 <5%. Color Doppler biopsy found 2.5 cm G4+3. Combidex clear. Seeds and IMRT, 4 weeks of urinary frequency and urgency; no side affects since then. 3 years of psa's all at 0.1.
Know your PSA, not just the scores, what assay is used, what standard the machine is calibrated to (WHO or Hibritech - WHO will lower the score by 22% and can be misleading). Six months - PSA Feb 7, 2013=3.29 (up from 3.16)


Casey,“I live in the weak and the wounded” – Session Nine (Movie)
If you fit the criteria for AS, you owe it to yourself to try to calm down over the initial shock of a cancer diagnosis and take the necessary time to thoroughly explore your options. I would say that it takes a year to both calm down and properly inform yourself - there is no big rush for low-risk patients.  Read every book you can on the subject, research the studies and check out the resources and websites listed on this site.  Then after that time, go with the option that suits you best, whether that be more conventional treatment or AS.
I will delete this message shortly so that Casey can maintain the flow of this thread.Not a medical professional!!!
Hello,Lymphnodes: Not Involved
Peter, That # was Dr. V @ Karmanos,not mine...if it matters. Sorry if Ph#s are against policypsa rising 6-12'casodex stopped
Unless my upcoming 3T or PSA suggest different, Brachytherapy is my leading option, today anyhow.No additional tests yet

Combo therapy is usually reserved for higher risk men, and has a great track record (combined with ADT) for that. The extra boost to the prostate can help destroy some of the more radio-resistant tumors.- Allen
Hi moesteeter,Finished HDR brachytherapy Jan of 2013, completed 25 sessions of IMRT in March of 2013--both at UCLA
I agree with PDA that you have a lot of invasive Gleason 4 cells. I'm wondering if your biopsy path report mentioned any perineural invasion, or if you've had a follow up MRI to look for extracapsular extension?
Colleagues, I am a new member, I´m 59, Dx with 58, 3+3, 2 out of 12 on biopsy. After RP, histological corrected to 3+4, negative margins, negative seminal, lymph nodes not checked.
Carlos,
I received today the result of my third PSA test, 9 months after RP and I got a yuge relief.
This is a video I made of one of my 1.8Gy radiotherapy sessions with a wide-angle-lens equipped iPhone in my shirt pocket.  about
The Luck of the Irish
Since my doc is not very verbose:Clear Bone and CT scans
Hello everyone, I hope you do not mind me joining this forum. This seems to be the best most positive and supportive prostate cancer forum out there!! Everyone seems so nice and knowledgeble.THANK YOU so much for any info/ words of wisdom you can share!
I am having robotic surgery for PC in 6 weeks. If all goes well, I should spend 2 nights in the hospital. My tentative plan is to spend three additional days in a nearby hotel before flying home. The flight is around 2 or 2.5 hours, and then arriving at a huge airport, followed by a 1 hour car ride home. I will have someone with me the whole time.Thanks.
The first Wednesday of the month is when the PROSTATE CANCER SUPPORT GROUP (Sponsored by Prostate Cancer Foundation of Chicago) has their monthly forum.2-1-2 yr PSA 3/15 0.12!
Hello all,
Does anyone know if BPH can also cause a firm side on the prostate? No rough parts or nodules felt. Thank you...
Dear all,
Hello! Hubby had his first chemo (Taxotere) on 2/2/17 and by 2/9/17 he had reached nadir with a WBC of 1.6 and his GR#0.3.  After being grounded for 4 days, WBC up to 2.4 but GR# only up to 0.5.  We weren't expecting this as he has just been diagnosed and is in pretty good health.Thanks!
My husband's last injection, 2-months ago, was nearly doubled?
Welcome to all Gleason 9 and 10 folks!  (Also could be the 
Hi carattop.  Sorry to hear of your husband's diagnosis, but glad you found us.steadying? - 0.2-8/16, 0.5-12/16, 0.7-3/17, 0.8-5/17, 0.8-7/17
bertb, that's good to hear!  This is encouraging for anyone that lands here, since there's so much discouraging stuff out on the interwebz aboutsteadying! - 0.2-8/16, 0.5-12/16, 0.7-3/17, 0.8-5/17, 0.8-7/17, 0.7-10/17
Hi GuysPSA June .018 Sept .016 Dec .058 Mar .320 2018
Given that threads get funky after 9-10 pages, I'm locking the old thread on the subject and continuing here with a Part 3.  Here is the link to the old thread http://www.healingwell.com/community/default.aspx?f=35&m=1305643&g=1305643#m1
Congrats, Larry! Tell the bartender it’s on me.Mike, good luck with your RT.
Gary I would say it took almost 2 months to wear off for me, still having minor in continence issues once and a while.  i think they gave me a stronger Lupron shot this time I can still feel where they gave me the shot a week later and yesterday I was in the Lupron Fog so bad hot flashes all day and 0 energy forced myself to take the dog for a 2.5 mile walk and came home and went to bed at 8.  Totally mentally and physically wiped.  I have a question for the crew here have any of you experienced an increase in appetite while being on Lupron? Seems like I am hungry all the time?4-25-18 psa <0.10
Mark... thanks for the perceptive write up. I bet most of us share many of your feelings. Good luck with the coming PSA test. I’ve got nine to go. Can’t wait to join you guys on the future PSA watch.  :
For you lucky ba$tards who are done with SRT, have you be educated on the significance of reduced PSA if you’re still taking Lupron, or it’s still in your system?2ADT; IMGT 70.2 GY in progress
Hey there Jerry!... (the &quot;Redwinged&quot; one). Great to see your post. I have found this thread to be very helpful for us  primary ADT+RT guys. 18 months HT completed 12/17
Good numbers SP.First 3 of 6-month Lupron 4/30, SRT in July
Larry, I know you will disagree with me but to my eyes you are an elite guy!  As the founding father of this thread you brought great ease to me as I approached SRT.  Today is my 30th fraction and after today I’ll have 8 more to go. At the risk of jinxing myself all is proceeding really well. Current PSA < .1
Dear all,
Jon, two major myths that you have picked up. G6s don't turn into higher grades and they don't matastize to other parts of your body. They remain in the prostate. Most grade progression into a higher grade have proven to be new tumors. 73 years old, rising psa for 10 years from 4 to 40; 12 biopsies and MRIS all negative. Oct 2008 DXed with G6 <5%. Color Doppler biopsy found 2.5 cm G4+3. Combidex clear. Seeds and IMRT, 4 weeks of urinary frequency and urgency; no side affects since then. 9 years of psa's all at <0.1.
HiOther people’s experience and opinions would be welcomed.
been lurking around reading a ton of posts so figured I should just join. First post is about PSA but also since I am a agent orange Vet with only the VA for health care. was wondering how most of the group here gets top notch care? I have been happy with the VA so far but I am sure I have some Hi tech care that I will be needing soon. On the PSA first recorded 13.90 in 2013 next was a standard biopsy which DX cancer G3+3. as time went by on AS it rose to 21.66 in a year but the next biopsy still was g3+3. stayed on AS. started taking Finasteride because of pee problems, PSA shot down in 3 months to 2.61. I came off the med because of the know side effects and my PSA started to rise again got back up to 18.56 in jan of 2017 then had a biop in april of 2017 which came up negative, even though I had a MRI in 2016 that showed a tumor. fast forward to may of this year and a fusion/biopsy. that found Hi risk g3+5. my PSA is 16.38. had a CT yesterday and Bone scan coming next wed. I guess time to make a treatment choice will be soon. Ed
Hi,My name is Cliff, and I have just recently been diagnosed with prostate cancer. I had an MRI in November 2017 followed by an MRI-targeted biopsy of the suspicious area in December. 2 cores were taken of the suspicious area and were diagnosed as Gleason 3/3 cancer. I just had a follow-up biopsy done by Leonard Marks, MD of UCLA that showed the following: (1) cores in target area 6mm, 3/3, 7 mm 3/3, 5 mm 3/3, 0,5 mm 3/3; (2) cores in systematic biopsy areas 3 mm 3/3, 4 mm 3/3, 1.5 mm 3/3. MRI indicates cancer is gland-contained, single lobe, low volume, low grade, slow growing. PSA is 8. I saw both Dr. Robert Reiter and Dr. Leonard Marks at UCLA and have been recommended to follow the active surveillance protocol supervised by Dr. Marks. I must say I am a bit concerned with the uncertainty associated with the actives surveillance protocol, but am following this course currently.
I finally looked at my pathology report.  I had gotten married and had been out of town for the last month.Minimum leakage so far
Hi Everyone, Thank you very much in advance.
SantaZia-
Well my dad went in for his appointment today. They told him they are going to stop his Etoposide and Estramustine because by now they should be working better to reduce his PSA. His PSA doubling time is 2.5 months so I would think that at least the medication was doing something. His PSA only rose 4 points since April. They said he likely has an infection in his intestines because his WBC count is up so he needs to take a stool sample in for testing. My mom told me they want to put him on a different chemotherapy, but she wasn't sure of the name, only that it is &quot;brand new&quot; and she thinks it starts with a C. Well I had been feeling positive for a while now, but it is really starting to seem like lately he has constantly been defeated. Estramustine and Etoposite aren't working, what's to say others will? I am worried he will be out of options soon as it seems to me he's at the bottom of the list of things to try. Aren't chemo drugs supposed to be able to fight cancer quite well? Why does it seem like nothing is really working for my dad?6/18 starting new medication (unknown name)
Hi,  I've begun reading though the posts here. Lots of good info.
1. I'm starting to research intermittent ADT (IADT).  I am on continous ADT. Morenadir have happened before allowing IADT ?
Yesterday’s blood draw came back at .068. Just for context, my detectable PSA was in January 2017, which was 2 years post op, and at that point it was .02. That was followed by .033, .033 (again), .046, .060, and now today’s .068 (this last one was 2 1/2 months since last test, before that it was always 3-3 1/2 months.
@Reltnie, thanks. I agree that even if the rise to .068 is noise , the evidence of a developing trend is clear so it’s time to act.
This one from Univ Heidelberg-  Germany-.org/pub_releases/2015-06/gcrc-aad062215.php
Greetings,ADT Meds: Casodex
  having submitted to (or agreed to) the surgery?
A little update, as always I find it helps to post here when times are tough. 
Wondering if there is a certain level of decrease in PSA that one should hope for between tests or is any decrease a blessing ? 06/15/18 - PSA 1.63
I've been coming here for a bit now with a lot of help and support , and my urinary problems just don't seam to go away , long story short ,  have had Brachytherapy and am now in my Radiation phase 18 sessions of 25 done ..
I'm sure I'm not the only one with pet peeves about your peeves?
I am inserting what I had to say in October of 2013. Nothing has changed and I am still clean after 10 years. My friend that I spoke of with the heart condition passed away four years ago and I miss him every day.  He was standing at the end of my hospital bed when I awoke in 2008. I finally have gone to 1 year check ups but it is not for Prostate cancer but Testosterone issues although I feel we have that under control. I currently have (2) friends with uncontrolled PC. Neither one bothered to see a Doctor for tests early in life. I can only hug them and care. Purgatory I see you are still helping people and I am one of your biggest fans since we started aboutBe Well all!
Eight years ago, this drug, approved for some types of cancer, showed great promise in treating advanced PC in early trials and studies. But recently, a phase 3 trial  was terminated when the drug proved to be ineffective..The University of Michigan was involved in both of these investigations.. Lupron, Zytiga, PSA <0.1 10/16 no change <0.1 5/17  PSA 1.6 Chemo or Provenge next..Sept '17, PSA now 9.2. ADT including Zytiga has failed. Will investigate treatment options. 11/17 PET/CT clear, but 4 new bone mets..Going to try Xtandi and see how I respond to that..3/2018 PSA now 54, chemo next. 5?10/18, PSA 200, Dosetaxel started..
My husband just got the results of his bone scan--not good. His PSA had been rising from .05 in Nov. 2017 to .95 five months later. So his excellent urologist ordered a bone scan before he got to 2. We do have an appointment with his local onco in two weeks and another at Mass General the third week in July with the oncologist we met with back in early 2015. 1/16=.093 PSA; 4/16=.079; 11/16=.05; 2/17=.05 (last 3mo.ADT 2/17) 5/17=.05; 11/17=.08; 2/18 .20; 4/18 0.98
What a great resource and comfort all of you are. Thank you. In fact, this forum is the only thing that got me through the last month.  Got the call a few minutes ago. 2 of 12 have adenocarcinoma. Gleeson 6. I see the Urologist on Wednesday. I plan on asking for a 2nd opinion with Dr Epstein. Appreciate any thoughts on my condition and/or treatment options.
O.K., so, this is probably a question better-suited for the GS-9/10 Group, but I'm going to post it here in hopes of getting some broader exposure to the question, which is this . . . ADT/HT: Casodex (06/18)
Age: 67; PSA 8.4; Gleason 3+4; 64% positive cores on biopsy; perineural invasion; tumor stage T1cJP output on 6.11 - 315 ml; 6.12 - 325 ml; 6.13 - 285 ml; 6.14 650 ml; 6.15 580 ml. Dr. recommended taking suction off 2 hours / on 2 hours, but after 2 hours of having it off, when I put suction back in system, fluid leaked out of JP insertion site, draining the dressing, my T-shirt and shirt. Because of these levels, dr. ordered creatinine level lab test of JP drainage. Awaiting results. No fever, pain improving, bowels need 'convincing'. Overall doing well and catheter is scheduled to come out on the 25th. Anyone else having this issue of JP output increasing instead of decreasing? Thanks, I'll keep you posted.
Anyone,&nbsp; My wife and I are doing well with viagra but My legs have been aching. I started last tuesday and by friday they started. I take a 1/4 or 25 mgs and on saturday I took a whole 100 mgs.Great results had sex but my legs. Any input ?&nbsp;&nbsp; Shepla

perhaps your legs are trying to tell you they like 1/4 but not 4/4
Hey Bird keep it up my friend. What is that saying, "a bird in the hand is ????????"&nbsp; Gotta smile after all it is therapy and doctors orders so get to work.  &nbsp; I like Betty Page. or Bettie Page
Hi everyone!PS. Please forgive my english its not my native language

Lena,Numbers are just indicators and while you dads PSA is higher than mine our Gleason scores are the same.  They were sure mine had spread and in reality it had not.  Let me know how the bone scan comes out.  My biopsy showed over 80% in both lobes, agin mine had not spread.  Lets see what the bone scan shows.  Will add dad to my prayers
Hi all all this mess
Lena, Glad your Dad is on the right track Lena.     swim

"Beating Prostate Cancer: Hormonal Therapy &amp; Diet"Prostate Cancer Survivor
I found the Bible to be pretty good especially Psalms.


Here's another book that I have not seen mentioned here:
Bluebird&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; -&nbsp; Hi -&nbsp; Another good book for your library would be&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp; Beyond Kegels--by Janet&nbsp; A Hulme&nbsp;&nbsp; Fabulous four exercises and more.... to prevent and treat incontinence&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Phoenix&nbsp;Publishing&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Thanks&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Brodie&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
  &nbsp; Thanks Brodie,
 
   &nbsp; Bump to keep activated....&nbsp; 
Partial quote taken from&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; thread started by TimG 
Here is another good one I've found helpful. NATURAL STRATEGIES FOR CANCER PATIENTS Russell L. Blaylock M.D. good for all Cancer's.
Need some help - I keep clicking the Wellness Books page.  I hit refresh then the prostate cancer section and I do not get any books, search function or link to Amazon.  I'd like to order several book, but can't for the life of me figure out how to get there from here.  What am I doing incorrectly?
thank you for having this information available to us.  i just ordered 6 books for gifts using the wellness link and i feel good that healingwell gets something from it.  sage
I ordered the book by Dr 'Snuffy' almost 4 weeks ago, nothing yet.  Is it usually this slow??
Books on our site are ordered from Amazon.com, so I would inquire with them.
My son lives in a different state than I do so I don't have daily contact with him. Yesterday, he being a Crohn's patient, e-mailed me saying that I thought that that maybe he had Celiac Disease instead. Is Crohn's easily mistaken for Celiac and vice versa? He's supposedly had Crohn's for about Celiac. He's 27 and &quot;contracted&quot; Crohn's in Kuwait in the Air Force. Is it possible to (God forbid) have BOTH?
It's possible to have both (I do).&nbsp; The symptoms of celiac can vary widely, but&nbsp;GI and malabsorption symptoms can mimic Crohn's.&nbsp;&nbsp; However,&nbsp;a GI would be able to differentiate through testing.&nbsp; There are different indicators for both in the blood work.&nbsp; Additionally, scopes w/ biopsies can pinpoint crohn's damage (ulcers, inflammation, etc via colonoscopy) vs. celiac damage (flattened villi via endoscopy).
Diane, 
You could have both Celiacs and Crohn's, but there is a simple blood test for Celiacs, most good GI's will always do that test while DX to make sure they rule out all other possibilities.
My previous GI doctor had a thing about celiac disease. She told me that, although my biopsies and scopes showed none of the signs of celiac, one of my blood tests indicated that I had it, along with my Crohn's. She had me go on a strict gluten-free diet, but told me that I no longer needed to follow the dietary restrictions I'd been under since my Crohn's diagnosis. The results? Worsening of Crohn's symptoms; a major intestinal obstruction (that fortunately turned out to be entirely inflammation and edema, not scar tissue); and no improvement whatsoever. I had to change doctors and start taking 6-MP, which turned out to be a lifesaver for me. She based her diagnosis on a single blood test. Yes, you may have celiac--but my advice is to research it carefully and find out what your doctor is basing his/her opinion on before you buy into the diagnosis.

I was diagnosed with Crohn's Disease almost 30 years ago and now I am finding out it could have been Celiac all the time. I was wondering what the best testing is for Celiac. I just had the entire blood profile done a few months ago and everything was negative.
There is such a thing as non-Celiac gluten sensitivity...  I test negative for the IgA blood antibodies to gliadin and tissue transglutaminase, but my blood anti-gliadin IgG, stool anti-gliadin IgA & stool anti-tissue transglutaminase IgA were all positive; I also carry a copy of the DQ2 Celiac gene.  I also responded pretty well to a gluten-free diet, and the symptoms returned when I ate gluten again.  So I have been diagnosed with non-celiac gluten sensitivity.-Razzle
Hi Razzle- I am thinking I just have gluten sensitivity too. I don't really have an GI problems...So do you have to avoid anything with wheat? My doctor wants me to stay on a gluten free diet for a month and see what happens. I don't know if that is long enough to know but will give it a try. 
Yes, I have to avoid anything with wheat, rye, barley, or oats (or derivatives of these grains).-Razzle
Hello Again,
YUP, my son has both Crohn's and Celiac. Tests were done, don't know which ones. He did mention a Colonoscopy. He's had several of those since having Crohn's. And he did admit to an awful diet in years past (pre-Crohn's) of Poptarts and Pepsi breakfasts. I'm taking notes and preparing an e-mail to send to him. He's kind of a &quot;where the rubber meets the road&quot; guy and just asks &quot;So Mom, what can I eat and not eat?&quot; I'm trying to make a list of that for him.
We are excited to introduce this new forum on Celiac Disease. Be among the first to share you story or experience, or just post a question :)
We launched 6 new HealingWell.com forums today on Celiac Disease, Kidney Disease, Psoriasis, Osteoarthritis, Sjogren's Syndrome, & Thyroid Disorders. Stop by and help us get these forums off the ground.   We also just renamed the Arthritis forum to the Rheumatoid Arthritis forum, since that was the dominant topic in that forum. If you know someone dealing with these conditions, please refer them to our new forums.
I do not have a gluten problem but one of my fellow bakers does. Two years ago she had pneumonia and was quite ill. When she felt she was recovered enough to return to making wedding cakes she went back to her bakery. While working she inhaled some of the wheat flour and it set her up for a horrendous gluten response when it interacted with the mucus membranes in her lungs.
My sister was a manager at Subway.  She'd consistently told me she did NOT have celiac, despite me seeing symptoms in her.  After working at Subway for a couple of months, she had rheumatoid arthritis in her hands so severely her hands were utterly deformed.  I repeatedly told her it was kneading dough and making bread daily and she repeatedly blew me off.  When it got to where she could no longer use her hands, she quit.  Within 6 months of leaving Subway, she no longer needed methotrexate or injections for her hands.  Today, several years later, her hands are as normal as they will ever get.  Two fingers are permanently crippled but she no longer is treated for RA-- and has been told it was celiac.
I've improved the forum search tool (which hasn't worked well in a long time) by using Google's search engine.  
I wanted to welcome everyone to the Celiac Disease forum!&nbsp; Please share a little bit about yourselves.&nbsp; I'll start:

LOL I didn't introduce myself because I am not the Celiac, my husband is.  I am the breast cancer forum moderator.  
Hello,Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks
about 7 years ago I became very ill in my late 30's.&nbsp; I had elevated liver enzymes, edema, was overweight, palpiations, and thought I was dying. The doctor did not test me at first for Celiac because I was overweight and didn't have diarrhea. However I had horrible heartburn.
WOW! That is so great for you. 
Sometimes you just have to ask for it, but then you have the doctor asking you "Why you want it done?" 
Good for you Hara,location of the absess.  My daughter is having some medical issues and the symptoms can be celiac disease and although I have been diagnosed with Celiac disease, her doctor (she is in the USAF) has refused to check her for Celiac and has labeled her as IBS.  She has now gone on a gluten free diet and has relief from most of her symptoms.
   &nbsp;what great story! I am so glad your better.....How much did the scoup cost and how long did it take you to get the weight off? Also are you blood type O? and did you have IBS?
Hi All, ulcerative colitis for over 1 year however I might be misdiagnosed. Searching through net when hubby realized my symptoms were pretty similar to Celiac Disease. I have had chronic cramps, pale, abdominal pain, bloating, joint pains, nausea, vomiting, severe   diarrhea, broken sleep and severe bleeding. I am still awaiting results from doctor. Just got colonoscopy done last month and he thought I was misdiagnosed with UC I have been in terrible pain since last week and cant get med's untill results come back??..I didn't come across bleeding on the web pages.. Is this to a symptom of Celiac Disease?? I'm so confused??
Thank you so much guys.Hope to  get results today...
I just got an email from a friend who is a Celiac and also teaches groups about
gma,Reading blogs on the internet it seems like some individuals with celiac disease have issues with MSG and some of the gums (guar guar and xantham).  Maybe it is the gums and you could try substituting unflavored gelatin in place of the gums in your from scratch recipes.  I found a recipe for &quot;nearly normal gluten free&quot; flour that works real well as a substitute in most of my recipes.  I found it when I was searching google.  The recipe does call for xantham gum however.
Thought you guys might find this article interesting:
I have a feeling that the incidence of Celiac Disease becoming more prevalent is due to doctors learning symptoms to look for it. My husband has probably had it for about the disease and sharing with others. This forum is a good place to do that. MK

I'm sorry, I have trouble reading the lengthy info packed posts. They are SO good but I have trouble following them. Should a person with Celiac also avoid sugar because of the way it interacts with the Gluton, I think that's what you're saying? Or are you saying that the sugary diets of today spur on the &quot;outbreaks&quot; of Celiac disease cases? Forgive me for being so simple minded...
Thanks for this post. my sister in law is a celiac. and i was winging aboutFemale 32 years old
Interesting that you mentioned dyslexia.  My husband is dyslexic, too.  And I read recently that autistic children need a gluten free diet.  Amazing what we are learning about
In reading the posts, I can't help but think the experiences with sugar and carbs lend credence to the SCD Diet.  The hypothesis is that both refined sugars and starches are complex sugars which are more difficult to digest.  Simple sugars from honey and fruit are more easily tolerated.  I don't strictly follow the diet, but have &quot;kicked&quot; the refined sugar habit without much trouble.
hello veggienft,Thanks.
One of my husband's favorites is chicken and noodles.&nbsp; I hadn't seen egg noodles in any gluten free markets until just lately, so I invested in a pasta maker.&nbsp; That was a two man job because you had to roll out the dough before putting in the pasta rollers and doing that over and over.&nbsp; Then I saw that Kitchen Aid had a pasta attachment for using the meat grinder where the pasta is extruded.&nbsp; It is much easier to use, but I am having a hard time finding the right texture of dough.&nbsp; Most recipes are either hand rolled noodles or using the regular pasta machine.&nbsp; I am going to try Google to see if I can find any recipes for extrusion noodles and spend the afternoon making noodles and cleaning up the mess.&nbsp; The last batch I made tasted delicious but the were so light that they broke into little pieces.&nbsp; Anyone have any suggestions?&nbsp; MK
Thanks, the recipes I have tried used about
I emailed you....  I could send you some...Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks
I live in Bowie.  I made GF noodles for my husband several times.  I bought an extrusion pasta maker for my Kitchen Aid Mixer that works quite well.  We bought spaghetti many different places but the home made is still the best.  Thanks for your offer.  He has cancer now and is under Hospice care, so is not eating quite so much.  I still make things he likes but end up throwing a lot of it out because he doesn't eat that much.  We only know of two others with Celiac here in Bowie, one is a baby and the other a very nice lady about
I just had my endoscopy this morning. Just as they were starting the IV before the procedure the power went out. They weren't sure what was going to happen but luckily an hour later it was restored. 
My endoscopy was normal to the naked eye too, it did show some patchy inflammation but it wasn't enough to get a dx from my GI so I decided to take an alternate route.  I hope you get some definite answers soon!
Okay, here's the deal. The VA told my son that he definitely had Celiac. I asked him about his diet so I'm assuming it was a fond fairwell donut for old time's sake. Grown up children...doncha just want to strangle them sometimes!
No two people have exactly the same symptoms.  My husband had no pain at all when eating a regular diet.  His CD showed up as anemia mostly because his food was not being digested properly.  As noted above by Family Guy when you are totally GF you are apt to have more of the pain symptoms if you cheat or inadvertently eat something with Gluten.  Doctors sometimes take the GF diet only so far, but there are groups and very active groups in many parts of the country.  My source for the graham crackers is the leader of a group in NE Ohio where I used to live.  I am in TX now.  I don't know of any group here, but in Ohio they meet regularly have GF dinners, eat out at GF restaurants and do all sorts of things like a 
My son has Celiac Sprue so my doc made a comment today after my test that he must be adopted????&nbsp; He was kidding ....but I do not have it so where did my son get it?&nbsp; Is it from his father?&nbsp; His father shows no sign of it?&nbsp; Puzzled so does anyone know...
Wow, that's interesting thanks so much...

You can be tested for the celiac genes DQ2 and DQ8 -- you can carry these genes without having Celiac Disease, but you can not have Celiac without one of these genes.
I'm actually a visitor from the Crohn's forum, but a gluten-free diet has been INCREDIBLY beneficial to my health.  I'm always on the look out for new recipes, restaurants, and websites to help make the GF lifestyle easier.
How did you know you have Celiac disease? 
Do you also have loud and embarrassing gurgling in your stomach? That is a great sign, plus gas, constipation/diarreha, bloating, & nausea are some of the physical symptoms.Sarah
Last night I had 2 slices of CCs Pizza and have been sick and in pain since my last bite.&nbsp; Does anyone know of a GF pizza.&nbsp; I also am lactose intolerant so the cheese would have to be dairy free... and it has to be delicious!&nbsp; I know this is a big order, but I thought someone might have a suggestion.Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks

Wow... thanks for all the advice.  It sounds like you have tried lots of brands.  I live close to Sprouts, Whole Foods and Central Market.... will try to look for the types you suggested.  Thanks for your help.Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks
has anyone w/ active Celiac Disease had success with Entocort?   I have been a &quot;Celiac&quot; for 9 years and things keep getting worse.  Dr. is considering this to help me..any input?   thanks.
Entocort is a corticosteroid, with all the potential side effects. It's supposed to be less systemically absorbed and therefore have fewer side effects, but that isn't always true. For short-term it's probably safe enough, but for more than three months, it has the potential to cause some gruesome problems.
gunder- buy the scd diet book- i just got it and it talks aboutFemale 32 years old
So here we go...so far I have been spending most of my time on the IBS website because that is what I was diagnosed with after several rounds of testing.&nbsp; After western medicine failed me, I turned to alternative medicine, which in my area means chiropractors.&nbsp; The first chiropractor I went to was a "witch doctor" type and didn't help really.&nbsp; She had me give up dairy, which didn't help my symptoms of gas and constipation.&nbsp; The second one I went to had me give up all grain and only eat meat and vegetables and a little fruit.&nbsp; He also had me on enzymes.&nbsp; The diet made my gas go away which was great, but the enzymes were making me increasingly sicker and sicker and sicker until I was having diarrhea (sorry for that) and eventually throwing up.&nbsp; After a horrible trip to the ER which showed up a UTI and that was pretty much all, my family convinced me to stop taking the enzymes.&nbsp; I was baffled as to why my symptoms changed, but that the gas symptom pretty much went away.&nbsp; After I ate a piece of white bread and immediately started having gas problems again, I clued in to the fact that it might have something to do with the gluten.&nbsp;    So I went gluten free and alot of my IBS symptoms have regulated.&nbsp; I now have more normal b.m.s and much less gas problems.&nbsp; So okay...here is my question...I have a doctor's appt. to discuss celiac, but I don't know if it is really going to make a difference because I am already pretty much gluten-free and not willing to eat gluten just for a test.&nbsp; My mother is the one who wants me to have it because she wants to know if it is a life-time thing or what...but I don't know that the tests would come up positive anyways, since I'm probably skewing them with being gluten-free.&nbsp; Does anyone have any experience with this?&nbsp; 

Thank you so much for answering Lucy.  I really appreciate it.  How do they test to find out if you have the genes, so that I can ask for that.  I'm sort of worried that my daughter is having problems digesting too...she has had the big D for two weeks and I immediately thought celiac.  She is less than two, so a diagnosis of this would be so much more usual for her.  However, she does seem to be regulating, so she just might have only had a long lasting virus.
Hi all, I work for a mobile solutions company and just wanted to get the word out for any of you out there who use iPhones/iTouch, that I'm currently releasing an app called &quot;GlutenFree&quot; that works as a tool to manage a Gluten free lifestyle.
Hello,Kat N' Kelly
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; New to this forum am usally at lupus ,or fibro page . Went to neuroligist&nbsp; a few weeks ago for derma myostios which is part of my lupus, My symptoms were really tired , weak mussles , which is common , but she decided to check my vitiam B and it was low and I take 2 a day over the counter , so she said I should see my pcp and get shots for it , so made that appointment that I went to yesturday . Well we get to talking cause I am also lactose intollarte ,&nbsp; (please bear with me on the spelling , been running all day and am very tired ) and my pcp asks if I am having bowel trouble , I said yes for the past 4 months now and they look oily . I was only checking them cause I have dogs and I thought I must of got worms off these dogs lol , cause no lie I think I go more than I eat . Well hears they symptoms we went over .
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Hi&nbsp; , sorry I was so tired last night . Here is a list of how eveything has happened to me in last 5 months . 
Yes, many of the symptoms you list, including hair loss, stomach cramps, etc. are symptoms of celiac disease. Celiac can cause a milk &quot;allergy&quot; because the villi in the small intestine are under attack, and the first part to go is the tip of the villus, which is where the enzyme lactase is produced. Lactase allows you to digest lactose.
Just found out that my toddler is DQ2 positive, but DQ8 negative.  I know that doesn't necessarily mean she has celiac, but i have a feeling that she may because of her symptoms.
I have seen limited research suggesting a correlation between celiac's disease and proctitis.  I was wondering if anyone in this forum has experienced any rectal inflammation in conjunction with celiac's disease and if a gf diet resolved those symptoms.
How accurate is the antibody test for celiacs. I have alot of the symptoms but the test came back negative. Thanks, Mark
False negatives are common in both the blood work and the biopsies.  Damage can be patchy in the intestine and since they typically only take a few samples they can easily miss it.
Hi Everyone,
Hi Ivana, and welcome to the forum!
I have used certain gluten free flours off and on for the past 18 years.&nbsp; The best flour I have found for not having too bad of a taste is Potato Flour.&nbsp; My wife used EnerG Potato Flour Baking Mix to make certain baked goods.&nbsp; Scones weren't bad, but regular bread products still didn't taste that good.
Have you tried Chebe bread mixes?  Their website www.chebe.com has recipes.  My husband experimented with using half Ener-G Foods Potato Mix and half Chebe Pizza mix in his own pizza crust recipe and it actually tastes pretty good.-Razzle
My grandaughter who is 5 has a terrible time trying to poop. She is always bound up even though she
Could be Celiac, other food sensitivities/allergies (often diagnosed as &quot;IBS&quot; by uninquisitive MD's), a motility problem in her rectum (pelvic floor dysfunction), behavioral constipation, or something else.  A blood screening test can be done for Celiac, and if any of the anti-gliadin antibodies are elevated, then a biopsy of her small intestine will usually confirm the diagnosis if it is Celiac.  Stool tests can be done to check for parasites, digestive enzyme levels, inflammation, food sensitivities, non-Celiac gluten sensitivity, etc.  Alternatively, a gluten free diet could be tried for a few weeks to see what happens.-Razzle
Razzle,
Hello all. I am usually posting on the IBS forum but recently it occurred to me, having researched some info on the net and spoken to a couple of people I know, that I might have gluten problems. So many of the symptoms seem to be common to both conditions. Thanks for any help and advice. These are really great forums.
i have had crohns disease for 10 years i have been on remicade and imuran for the last 3 years. i had tests done for celiac disease,the blood tests were positive and the stomach biopsis were negitive so my consultant said i dont have it and has not put me on a gluten free diet, but i decided to go on to a gluten free diet my self because gluten was making me feel tired and sleepy.does anybody know if they think i am celiac or just cant tolerate gluten.i am going on holiday and i cant see me sticking to a gluten free diet . should i be worried or will i be alright because i am taking drugs that supress my imunsystem anyway.
Celiac can be very difficult to diagnose and can be present with both negative blood and negative biopsy.  If your symptoms have improved on a Gluten Free diet you can be tested for celiac genes DQ2 and DQ8.  Positive result from diet along with celiac gene is enough for some doctors to diagnose Celiac.  
&nbsp;My 13 year old daughter was recently screened for celiac disease. She has NO symptoms but was screened because I have it. Her tissue transglutaminase was positive. Is this an accurate screening? She was sick at the time with another illness, could this have affected her testing and is it necessary that she go on a gluten free diet with no symptoms? Does this test have a high false positive rate? I always had symptoms so I never questioned my results but am questioning hers. Any advice?
I have had loose stools for the better part of 20 years(always, not just sometimes), and 2 years ago, an ANA reading of 1:1200!  Other than this, no symptoms.  I have had 2 different colonoscopies  and nothing notable and that it was probably IBS.  My self treatment is taking psyllium hull powder mixed with apple juice for bulk.  This is the ONLY thing in 20 years I have found to help. As long as I take this, my stools are formed and not watery or foul, but without it, and it goes right back to water! The different physicians seem unconcerned and one even told me I drank too much water and that it was an old wives tale that you should drink 8 glasses of water a day!  I have given up, but am afraid that I am doing damage to myself if I do have celiac disease.  I have no pain, no blood.  My digestion had always been somewhat &quot;noisy&quot; in that as my food is being digested, it makes a lot of sounds in the gut.  I show no deficiencies in my blood work etc, other than I have a little bone loss, but is probably due to the hysterectomy I had at 40 (10 years ago). I certainly haven't suffered from weight loss problems.  I work out regularly, have great energy levels etc.  I have a limited health insurance plan and cannot afford expensive tests.  Is a false high ANA probable?  What would you recommend?
I have a 16 year old daughter with Rett Syndrome, she is non verbal and only communicates occasionally with her eyes, we have to ask the right question for her to look at us and we're assuming it means yes.  the only evidence we've gotten so far, other than extreme pain usually later in the day. I've also checked the ingredients of most of the food she eats and she's getting a ton of gluten! Sat. morning I started her gluten free diet and I also sent for the stool test from enterolab. I hate to put her back on gluten for a test if we can do it being gluten free. She had better days Sat. and Sun without any gluten. Some pain later in the afternoon but nothing like before. I am wondering (sorry for being so long winded here), how long until you've all seen results from a gluten free diet. I appreciate all of your insight to this since my daughter can't tell me what she is feeling, I have to guess and assume.
Hi Tammy-
You are welcome!  I hope she continues to improve -- great news that you've already seen some improvement.
As many of you know, I set up a HealingWell Facebook page over the summer.  It has been a great success, and another way for HealingWell members to stay in touch with HealingWell in perhaps a more personalized way.  
This is a very difficult time of the year to keep to a gluten-free diet.&nbsp; I work in a school and everyone is bringing in  20 feet from me.&nbsp; 
Did you know that Resee's Peanut Butter Cups, Plain and Peanut M&Ms are gluten-free?  Along with many other candies.
Over the last few years (maybe 3-4), I've noticed a significant change in my digestive system.Thank you!
In general, your symptoms can be explained by celiac disease:
Postmenopausal 62 years old. History of diagnosed microcolitis. Now CT showed grateful if any one can provide any feedback.  Thanks
Hi everyone, 
I don't have celiac or food allergies but I'm no stranger to chemical allergies,again. I finally had them out at the age of 49.
I'm trying to find a really good probiotic for my daughter who we're suspecting is gluten intolerant. We're waiting the lab results from enterolab. Her GI doc suggested culturelle but also talked about rhamnosus. I'm getting conflicting info. Can any of you help me out. Here is where it seems to be conflicting, when I googled the probiotics it says:
I have to get one which is similar to a CT scan but the contrast drink is supposed to ?swell the intestines? so they can see it better? That is how it was explained to me. Sounds like it could be painful, so I am worried, especially since they screwed up my first one and gave me the wrong thing to drink-:) Jeez.....  I am feeling good these past two weeks and really don't want to have this done but I know I should.diagnosed 1/09 with "diverticular colitis" ?? location: sigmoid colon
Oops, sorry, I meant to put this on the crohn's forum. Sorry.... Couldn't find a way to remove it.diagnosed 1/09 with "diverticular colitis" ?? location: sigmoid colon
I have a daughter who we are suspecting has a gluten intolerance. She has damage to her small intestine, seen through a pill camera in June. She's gone gluten free for about a month now with pretty good results. (We're waiting results from enterolab.com) I have been reading up on Aloe Vera Juice and how it is good for intestinal damage. Have any of you tried it, have any thoughts or can steer me in the right direction?
Her intestine will heal rapidly in any case on the gluten free diet, unless she's one of the very rare people who has &quot;refractory sprue&quot;, which is a type of &quot;stubborn&quot; celiac disease that doesn't respond to the gluten free diet.
Having a hard time finding a company that makes and sells frozen meals...would be nice to have some for quick meals, or to leave behind for the baysitter to use.
Hi Everyone, 
I understand that Boost is lactose free and gluten free.&nbsp; Has anyone had these during those times that you are just too sick to your stomach to eat anything?&nbsp; How does it fare with you?Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks
I use ensure.  It works for me.
My husband is lactose intolerant and also losing weight. I bought him Boost Vanilla and was told it could be used with lactose intolerance. It says right on the label it has some milk protein. He tried it for 3 days and felt bad the entire time.&nbsp; He stopped using this product and felt better. Three days later he tried one more bottle. It is either the Boost or quite a coincidence.&nbsp; I hate wasting money trying products that cost that much just to find out if we can use them. I had contacted the company and asked if there was anywhere I could get a free sample, and the answer, of course was "no". 
I have had the absolute worse leaky behind the past year...and it includes soiling my underwear at night!! Its so annoying and not to mention embarrassing. Im not crapping on myself but wakng up and i have a wet spot in my underwear, usually yellowish and it actually doesnt have much of a scent either. Anyhow i cant even walk around for longer than an hour without having to carry wipies with me n a ziplock and going to a rest room to clean my behind of his yellow stuff!
Fishy smelling diarrhea with blood is suspicious (possible C. Diff infection)...I think it would be good to see a GI doctor and get checked out!-Razzle
Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks
Hi Nor_TX,
Nor_TX,-Razzle
My son was plagued with severe and frequent migraine headaches from age 6, he grew slowly but enough to barely stay on the growth chart, and struggled with anemia.  When he was 15 my doc and I had a casual conversation about
I was wondering if anyone had tried the Soy Nut Butter and how it tastes.&nbsp; I have found that everytime I eat some peanut butter, my lips tingle.&nbsp; I'm guessing it must be a low level allergy.&nbsp; No breathing problems - this is something new.&nbsp; I 've been eating PB for 50 years or more.&nbsp; It just seems in the last year or so, the tingling is a little unsettling.&nbsp; I thought aboutPresently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks
I haven't tried soy butter. You might be able to find some reviews on it at http://www.innatehealthfoundation.org/wiki/index.php?title=Food_Products. However, if you have difficulty with food allergies/intolerances, you may want to make sure that you do not have an issue with soy, as well. Almond and cashew butter can be expensive, you are right. Sometimes you can get a better deal if you find it in a bulk source. I have also found sunflower seed butter to be very tasty, and generally less expensive.
I have history of severe anemia and very, very low vitamin D levels.  I had a uterine ablation done last year, and have been on 1,000mg daily for over a year.  I am reposting this from another board, as I have been trying to get to the  bottom of the problems.  Went to a new doc last week for blood work just to check my levels, and this is what I found.  She is the one who mentioned celiac to me.  Any thoughts would be appreciated.Thanks.
Hi Alli,
After a blood test, my Dr informed that I had a high content of gluten in my blood. He instructed me to go gluten free which I did. I don't have celiac disease I don't have a problem with it since I was a big bread eater to begin with. So now I just watch other foods for gluten. Now to vent, my family knows that I am gluten free. Yet today for lunch, my mother in law made chili with spaghetti in it. She informs me that she didn't put much in so it shouldn't be too hard to pick it out. She was right, she didn't have a lot of spaghetti in the chili but what was in there were very tiny pieces. I would need tweezers to pick it out. Then the issue of gluten already been release in the chili plus I am sure the chili mix was not gluten free. Then she made a pie for dessert which she knew was my favorite. The crust was about&nbsp;
Hi Winter,
I guess I am not the only one who hears, &quot;Well, just have a little bite... surely a little bite won't hurt you???&quot;  And you know what??? It always does.  Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks
I have crohns and it is really sad n frustrating that some ppl just dont get it ya know....
Hi all,
I'm being treated for Lyme disease, My GP did a test for celiac disease that turned out to be&nbsp; a 8.6,&nbsp; normal range&nbsp;is 1-10 for this test. The test was classified as a weak positive. My GP said not to worry about it but the Lyme Dr. said "you have celiac disease as well as lyme" who should i believe. I'm surprised i tested high at all because i avoid gluten.
Most Lyme-Literate physicians recommend a gluten-free diet during Lyme treatment anyway, no matter whether a person has Celiac/Gluten Sensitivity or not.-Razzle
Hey guys, I saw a post awhile ago about a gluten free iphone/bberry app.  Since then there has been major updates based on user feedback. Its focus is now on gluten free products and where to find them.  Has anyone been using it?  Or if you wanna check it out here's the link to the itunes page:  http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/gluten-free-lifestyle/id325454749?mt=8
&nbsp;Hello,
Hi hunter,
I think that the answer is different for different people.  For example, in my case I don't think that I'll ever be able to eat gluten again, because I have one of the celiac gene markers and I think I've had celiac most of my life....way before I had Lyme.  But for someone who had no gluten issues until they contracted Lyme I think that the odds are good that once the Lyme is under control they may be able to eat gluten again....or maybe not!  
Just wondering if anyone else here presented w/o losing any weight/being malnourished. At the time I was most symptomatic I was 16y/o, 6'2&quot;, and 275lbs(2.5 yrs ago). I lost aboutPerhaps this is just something to do with my always having the rarest of the rare in presentations of stuff... but who knows...

First of all, welcome to the forum.  Glad you found us!

The &quot;gold standard&quot; diagnosis is a positive blood test along with a positive scope showing damage to the villi in the small intestine.  There are a couple of blood tests for Celiac along with a genetic test for the markers for the disease.

Lee,

You're welcome.  Let us know how things are going for you.


Lee, a rash can be anything from sensitivity to a laundry product to an allergy to an infection, or symptom of a more systemic disease. We are not doctors, merely others living with the health conditions covered by these boards, so we can't try to hazard a guess as to your diagnosis. If the rash is still bothering you on Monday, talk to your doctor about it.
 Thanks  Lee
Let us know what you find out.

If you are looking for a delicious snack, Frito-Lay has a new one.&nbsp; You will find it right beside the Cheetos - it is called Chester's Puffcorn.
According to Frito Lay's website, the cheese flavor is not casein free...-Razzle
No, I wasn't referring to the cheese flavor... only the plain Puffcorn... it is gluten, lactose, casein free.Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks
Oh ok thanks.-Razzle
I just heard back from a nutritionist at Welchs that all their products are gluten free!Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks

Could you ask your doc for something to get you thru this like ativan or simuliiar med 
lol sorry lil behind was i ..no pun intended.....
I was wondering if anyone has connected constipation to having eaten gluten by mistake.&nbsp; I read this somewhere and after keeping track of my diet, I think I am seeing some correlation.&nbsp; I am trying my best to be totally gluten free but every so often I think I have a slip.Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks
Yes, gluten can cause constipation.  Before I went on a gf diet, I think gluten was contributing to my slow gut motility (slow stomach emptying, constipation) because I've seen some improvement in both conditions since starting the gf diet.-Razzle
Last night I got a flash of energy and inspiration and made a great dinner.&nbsp; I sauteed a piece of salmon in dairy free margarine/bit of oil with salt and pepper until it was crispy on the outside.&nbsp; 
Tonight we're probably having salmon, LOL!  We must think alike!
always on the run everything has to be quick so i grill @ burgers get the Katz gluten free large challa rolls ketchup and musterd and its heavan
I started eating the So Delicious Coconut yougurt by Turtle Mountain.&nbsp; Everytime I eat it I get very bloated and gassy.&nbsp; It is gluten free and Dairy Free and made on a dedicated line.&nbsp; It does contain probiotics but I am wondering if anyone else has encountered this side effect when eating this product?Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks

Some days I find that my mood is very low.&nbsp; It seems all I do is think about what to make to take to work for breakfast and lunch.&nbsp; 
 
If you have been glutened... how long do you find it takes to get over it?&nbsp; I slipped over the weekend and am paying the price since Saturday afternoon.&nbsp; I was just wondering how long it takes to reclaim your body?Presently on: 600 mg. Remicade every&nbsp;5 weeks
For me, it depends on how much gluten I was exposed to.  One brief whiff from a bread aisle or in-store bakery and it takes a few days to recover.  Accidental exposure through food intake takes about-Razzle
Celiac Disease is FOREVER hon - if you've been diagnosed with it - you'll have to live with it....So hon, if YOU feel better on your diet then be consistant and careful and you'll feel better than you EVER had in your whole life &lt;3.....
Hi, please bear with me, this might be a bit long! I have had crohns disease for approx 12 years and i had a bowel re-section around 10 years ago. since then i have had constant diarreah and other symptoms which i have always attributed to crohns. Purely by accident i discovered that when i didn't eat bread most of my symptoms stopped (discovered whilst dieting). I started eating it again and they all came back. So i stopped again and have paid close attention to what i eat and it would seem anything wheta based is a big no no, i tried eating gluten free bread which also affected me so i thought maybe the yeast? Anyway i had the blood tests for coeliacs and they were negative but i have since found out that i should have been eating gluten when tested but i had stopped eating it several weeks prior to the test. My sister and my aunt both have coeliac and my symptoms are actually worse than my sis who can eat wheat sometimes whereas i have quite a violent reaction now if i eat even a small amount. Do you think it is possible that the tests were incorrect? I am now 15 weeks pregnant so i'm not willing to eat wheat again in order to repeat the tests accuratly. i have also now found that when cornflakes i get a reaction. I'm sorry it's so long but i wondered if anone could offer advice? Kelly x
You can also do a stool test through EnteroLab.com - this test can detect celiac or gluten sensitvity within 1 year of starting a gluten free diet, so unlike the blood tests, it does not require you to go back to eating gluten to get accurate results.  You can also do the Celiac gene test through this lab, and it does not require a doctor in order to get it done...you can do it yourself at home (you just collect the sample and send it back in the special kit they send you).-Razzle
I recently discovered rice wrappers.&nbsp; These are the wrappers that are used to make spring rolls.&nbsp; They are made from rice flour, tapioca and salt.&nbsp; They are great for making all types of wraps.&nbsp; Tonite I sauteed some thinly sliced mushrooms and chopped shrimp and mixed in some sticky rice and seasonings.&nbsp; You have to soften the wraps in hot water, and then I added the filling and topped with a slice of avocado.&nbsp; You roll the wrap up.&nbsp; You can eat it as is, or I sprayed some Pam in a pan and lightly fried it.&nbsp; I used some gf sweet chili sauce as a dipping sauce.&nbsp; It was delicious.&nbsp; You can use any type of filling - meat, chicken, fish, fruit.&nbsp; It is great to make ahead and take to work or school.&nbsp; Even my husband who isn't on a gf diet loved them.
Yum, sounds delicious
We are having some company for a games night.&nbsp; One is diabetic and I am on a gluten free, dairy free, fresh veggies and fruit free, no spices, no tomatoes.
This disease makes every day new.&nbsp; Sometimes I am fine and days like today I feel yucky.&nbsp; I didn't eat any gluten so it might be a Colitis or IBS thing too.&nbsp; How is everyone feeling today?

I'm still waiting on my results.. Should have them tues. I agree with the Bread and Pasta.. I mean.. I would like to know the best tasting too! I would hate to have to keep buying and buying and throwing things away.. lol. Bread and Pasta..
I really like noodles made from quinoa, a gluten-free grain.&nbsp; I find them at my local Whole Foods Market (they have a lot of GF pasta, but I like the quinoa noodles, they hold together really well, unlike the rice and corn noodles I've tried).&nbsp; 
I second zucchini's vote for quinoa pasta. best I have found hands down. And I serve it to non-GF guests all the time and no one has any issues with them, unlike rice pasta. 
I have just discovered what could be a huge rival to the Udi line of baked goods.&nbsp; Katz Gluten Free Bread and baked goods are fantastic.&nbsp; I went to their website, Katzglutenfree.com and they sent me a sample box of goodies.&nbsp; I cannot stress how great the challah was.&nbsp; It was soft and moist and had a sweet nutty flavor.&nbsp; The bread did not crumble and definitely did not need to be toasted.&nbsp; I had it plain, with dairy free margarine, grilled cheese sandwich, and a chicken salad sandwich.&nbsp; The baked goods are soft, tender, flavorful and delicious.
Great, I'll look for it!&nbsp; Achey&nbsp;
you are totaly right katz gluten free is amazing i buy it here in Woodmans we only need Meijer to carry it and we are good to go
 &nbsp; Achey&nbsp;
You may have unmasked a food allergy now that the gluten is out of the picture.  Have you been tested for delayed hypersensitivity to foods?-Razzle
No, I haven't heard of that.  Can you tell me more?  &nbsp; Achey&nbsp;
Weak & shakey feelings can be from low blood sugar...-Razzle
This is so interesting, and very helpful.  Thank you, Razzle.  I will look for somebody to give me these tests.&nbsp; Achey&nbsp;
Hello all,  I found this forum while researching crohns disease for my daughter, she is newly diagnosed. I was diagnosed with celiac disease 9 years ago.  my symptoms were mild compared to lots of other ppl.  Anemia, oste     I have had no problems with Rice or Corn Chex,    anyway, thank you for being here, and I look forward to learning and sharing!    Buffy
Learned I was Celiac about
Hello,
Wish I could help you, but 'full' body 'problems' not usually indicative of celiac disease - celiac is mostly stomach issues....
Okay, here are my test results that I can not understand at all, but I dont think anything is positive?!  joining my children with a gluten free diet but it is hard for me to follow.
Some of you may have noticed we are only a few thousand posts away from one million posts!
I have been diagnosed with microscopic colitis (through colonoscopy) two separate times after a long bout with diarrhea, gas, bloating, etc. I was negative for celiac and the doctor says gluten intolerance would not cause this type of colitis.  I am not at all convinced of this as  part way into the diarrhea suffering, I stopped gluten. The diarrhea continued but the other symptoms stopped for the most part.  I imagine the colitis being already underway was the reason for that. I am now on Entocort and have stopped most of the symptoms. Does anyone have experience with this?  I am also lactose intolerant and use lactose-free milk.  I find a lot of fiber hard to tolerate still and had a big reaction to a gluten free bar that contained malitol and sorbitol.  Would be glad to find out about other people's experiences with these things.  Sometimes it seems I can not eat ANYTHING without indigestion, burping and gas.
I recently got the results back from a blood test that I DO NOT have Celiac Disease.&nbsp; I also have been tested for alleries, including wheat, oat's, etc, and that came back negative.&nbsp; Can I have a gluten sensitivity even though those have been ruled out?&nbsp; I just want to make sure I really can eat gluten, does anyone have an answer?
 If i eat gluten my skin breaks out in a form of Leprosy.... I have started a gluten free diet... what I am wondering if anybody else has this type of celiac...? I have never known anyone to have the type that I have.. Please if you read this and know of someone that is this type of celiac disease I would be grateful....I feel like I am the only person with this...:)
I have been having gastrointestinal issues since birth. I was fed some sort of formula (in 1977) and after weeks of me vomiting, having horrible diarrhea that was so acidic it made my bottom bleed, my mom took me to the doctor who said I had colic and switched me to a different formula. The new formula made no difference. My mom says if I was awake, I was screaming as if in pain. When I began eating solid food around 7 months old, I started feeling better. My mom still cries when she tells the story of my first Christmas morning I woke up happy and smiling and the day was free of my normally constant misery and crying. 
Hey guys, I'm new here. I have been trying to figure out what is going on with me and I need some advice.Thanks for any advice.
Catrena, it sounds like you are trying to self-diagnose based on a fuzzy history of stomach issues.  Please go see a gastroenterologist and approach your concerns methodically.  There are tests that can be done to eliminate or confirm a variety of diagnoses.  You do not have a celiac diagnosis and maybe you never will.  The people on this forum cannot diagnose you., folic acid, vit. D (2K iu), flax seed oil (2 tsp/day), mesalamine enema as needed. Gluten free as of 5/30/11. Colonoscopy found no evidence of inflammation on 8/16/12.
I have not been diagnosed with Celiac disease or gluten intolerance and my blood tests were normal. However, I have a lot of digestive issues and ongoing health problems so I decided to try cutting out gluten. Can symptoms worsen after going gluten-free or is that just a myth?
I have been eating the Chex cereals, mainly cinnamon, thinking it was so great to have a cereal that was gluten free and they say all natural on the box. Well, going to visit my daughter next week and she was buying things I could eat and when she read the ingredients on the Chex box she saw that they use BHT as a preservative. So disappointed. Any cereals anyone has found that are actually good for us?BTW, have found Pamela's bread mix and cornbread mix to be wonderful. Guests had the cornbread recently and loved it.
Hi everyone,
Hi I want to wish everyone a Happy Forth of July. Stay safe!FORUM MODERATOR: RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS
For the past month, give or take a week or so, I've had a growing pain in my left side (accompanied by a slight bulging), as well as nausea that seems to be getting worse. My stomach has felt tight and bloated, and I've been using the bathroom a lot more than usual. Sunday (7/21) it got bad enough to the point that I went to my local CareNow, and the doctor there, after giving me an exam, thought I might have a hernia or colitis, and suggested that I go to the ER and get a CAT scan. I went, got a full blood and urine workup and the scan, but none of them revealed anything really unusual. No hernia and my white blood cell count was okay, so they sent me home to see if it gets any better or worse. It's been about the time we got some veggie meat made from soy, with A LOT of gluten in it. And over the past month, I've eaten quite a bit of it. From what I've read, these are all symptoms of Celiac disease or gluten intolerance, so I was wondering if anyone else has had the same issues, particularly with the pain located in one side and not the other. Also, I've decided to cut out gluten from my diet for a while and see if that helps, but I was curious if the pain/nausea lasting days or whatever after I stop eating gluten is normal, or if it should've gone away by now. And if it's normal, how long can I expect it to hang around, cause it's not too fun. Any help would be greatly appreciated, as this has had me pretty worried. Thanks!
Hi, I'm new to this forum and&nbsp;would appreciate any help with my query.. I don't think I am celiac but think I may be gluten intolerant/sensitive. Basically I've had really bad c for the past few years, really hard and dry, plus bloating, gas, mucus&nbsp;and occasional d. Always had&nbsp; a sluggish bowel but the past few years have&nbsp;been pretty awful with straining etc. I recently went on a gluten free diet for a month and felt much better, although still far from perfect, but I had much less bloating etc. I went back on the gluten a few days ago and yesterday I felt awful,&nbsp;extremely tired, sluggish and brain fog, felt like I'd been hit on the head with a cricket bat. I'm back on the G free diet now.. saw the doc last week and he thinks I've got IBS, said they can't test for celiac unlesss I'm eating gluten. So, I'm now taking Mebeverine that relaxes the bowel and stops spasms. Haven't noticed much difference yet but only been taking the tabs for 3 days. 
Sorry, meant to say C = constipation, D= diarrhoea. Also,&nbsp;when I gave up gluten I had horrendous withdrawal symptoms - bad mood swings, lightheadedness,&nbsp;I&nbsp;felt constantly&nbsp;starving for the first couple of weeks and had one day when my stomach gurgled and bubbled all day long. However I lost quite a bit of weight, because I wasn't eating any crap (pastries are my weakness). And had to plan meals ahead, and think about eating the right things - no impulse buying. I think I'd actually recommend a G free diet for health reasons because you just can't go into a bakery full stop - it's pointless - and if you've&nbsp;half a brain in your head you will choose healthy options.
Hello all, so I have wrote on some of the other forums in here about RA. So I had a bit of a break down this passed weekend since I have felt like crap for the passed year with no answers other that take this pain pill and this one. So I started researching and going over all of my symptoms and wonder if I actually have a gluten intolerance.. My symptoms are back, neck pain ALL the time, acidy stomach, gas, bloating, acid reflux, headaches and hair loss.. Now I have been tested for RA, lupus, and kidney issues. My blood work for RA comes back positive but they say my symptoms don't match. I have a lot of inflammation into body according to my blood work. They tested me for gallbladder problems but that too was negative. So not sure if in actuality they are missing/myself are missing something. There is no reason someone should be in pain for that long. Any suggestions?  TIA
  i  dont know where to start on my diet does evevrything i buy at the store going to say glutten in the ingredeance or should i also look for other  ingredeances
how long does it take for people to start feeling better once diet is sfarted
 what do i do for my pain gnawing and piersing pain in stomache area also bad joint pain need some releafe, do any of you need to ged meds to help withyour pains
how do i handle checking my medications that i am on for gluten 
i seem to hear of more and more symptoms of celiac what are they and are there any other conditions associated with celiac also what about vitamins that i may need to take
It is possible I may have Celiac Disease,  however I have some symptoms that don't seem related in my opinion. 
helo ive been following my diet but had a real bad day after a great day yesterday i went to the park and fed the ducks bread other than that i been eating real food i didnt wash my hands could i have gotten enough gluten from playing with bread and then putting fingers in mouth for it to effect me could anyone tell me more about and exsausted
&nbsp;
i know i may sound paranoid but does the glue on envelopes have glutten im worried because i am apparently very sensative to it , ive been on my diet for two weeks now and i am still very nausios and sick 4 days out of last week  and so so so tiered . i know it takes a while to work but when should i start to feel better and should i stop licking envelopes too.  
I have been having multiple symptoms for months ranging from constipation, heartburn, fullness and or bloating, cramping sore throat. I have had multiple blood test ran and a CT scan, all negative. I had a EGD done just a few days and waiting on results. Can anyone explain this report for me a little better. I know  my stomach is inflamed other than that I'm not 100% sure of what is going on. Thank you!
Sorry I don't see a newbie thread.. I am new I have been diag with Celiac justa few months ago, 4 months to be exact! I have been glutened a few times accidentally of course !! I am really being very good eating whole meat and fresh veggies. It was hard at 1st but it is a learning thing that is for sure. Seems I am learning something new every day! I have recently learned I am starting to have a problem with corn. Ohh well from what I read alot of Celiacs have that problem! I am happy to be here and will try and read up. TY for any responses.
Anyone here take them? I have heard they are good for you , I thought they were vitamins , evidently they are to help the good flora in your gut.
Hi everyone, Im new to this whole gluten sensitivity i have basically been living with brain fog, anxiety, and numbness on and off for 18mos. I changed docs bc she was giving up on finding the cause i recently got tested for gluten and my doc said is had a slight positive reaction. So i decided to be on a gluten free diet, however i have a family and its quite expensive to buy all of us gluten free. Is this sensitivity like peanuts i cant handle food with gluten, or is it basically i cannot ingest it? Any info will help thanks
Hi,&nbsp;I'm new.&nbsp; I am finding conflicting info on what symptoms constitute a gluten sensitivity/intolerance.&nbsp; I have some of the symptoms, but not all.&nbsp; Would like input from those who have this so I can compare to my symptoms.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Yes, tried several different types.  Which is why I'm starting to suspect a new food intolerance.  Yes, been lactose intolerant for 20 years, so I don't consume dairy often and if I do, I take lactaid.   this.  I have no choice but to switch doctors because this pain, pressure, and nausea is getting worse to the point where I can barely function at times.  Had this for such a long time that it's getting a bit insane.  It's like my stomach/intestines are protesting everything I eat, but yet when my stomach is empty, they rebel even more.  Whee!
Please get approval from admin@healingwell.com before soliciting members.  Thanks.
I wanted to wish all are Veterans. A happy vets day. And to thankFORUM MODERATOR: RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS
My father has celiac, I have been blood&nbsp;tested 3 times (all negative, with one test showing heightened levels). I have been working with GI's, all believe I do not have celiac, but would rather state I have IBS. I am curious if anyone else has the symptoms I have?
On Thanksgiving, my mom had given me some turkey to eat. I didn't even think aboutWhat happens to you when you accidentally eat gluten?
i am suffering from migrane head aches since from many years.currentlythe frequency of attack has increased 6-7 times/day,followed by chill effect.feet and palms becoming very cold,intolerance to curd,butter milk,fruits,warm water (chillness increases with these)entire day I have to wear slippers,sweater etc.
since from last 2 years my daughter is suffering from repeated loose motion.she is unable to digest any thing.most of the time she eats curd rice,apple,tomoto soup. stopped all spices,no milk.
Just wanted to point out a new milestone.  We quietly hit 2 million forum posts over the holidays!
I had a gluten blood test.  Waiting for results.  Whatever the test results are negative or positive would I need further testing with a biopsy?
Hello.  
I recently had an endoscopy due to some esophageal sympoms (sensation of food sticking in the throat, etc).My greatest fear is that those atrophic findings indicate a high likelihood of Celiac.
This has been the question running around in my head for days...I have been off of eating gluten for years and years now... I won't go into my symptoms, but I &quot;self-diagnosed&quot; myself as celiac disease, and took gluten out of my diet a long while ago.  Fast forward to today, and I am at a point where I feel the need for the actual medical diagnosis.  It's crazy.  For so long I've conditioned my brain to think of foods with wheat gluten as &quot;poison&quot; and here I am buying groceries for myself with gluten in it.  I started eating it again yesterday. The hospital nutritionist suggested I eat gluten a minumum of 2 servings a day for 6 weeks before the blood work test, then the ultimate biopsy.  I ate WAY to much gluten yesterday and went to bed seriously feeling scared that I would be really really sick today.  I had Mr. Noodles (Man they tasted way too good to me), a giant peanut butter cookies and a bagel. So....What would you eat?
I'll try and make a long question short - Since Jan. 1 of this year I went Gluten free. The reason I suspected it may be at play is due to problems which doctors keep attributing to IBS. From 15-18 I fluctuated between bouts of constipation and diarrhea - thinking it had to do with PMS I brushed it off. From 18 until now it's just been severe constipation and gas. All the doctor did was put me on a laxative that worked for a week then zilch. Since I was like 8 I've gotten migraines and headaches for no particular reason. I also had the keratosis pillaris, which I've read is a symptom of gluten intolerance/celiac disease on each arm for I don't know how long. There are a few other symptoms that I read about that fit the bill as well. 
G'day all,
I am a newly diagnosed celiac and have a question?  I am on week 5 of the gluten free diet and the first 5 days were worse than ever.   then all of the sudden felt great for 3 weeks now I still feel better than I did but have some diarrhea coming back.  Is this common in the healing process and how long does it take for my stomach to completely heal?
Asking this for my sister.  She is allergic to several different things and has celiac really bad to the point she can't even breath it.She seems to not be getting better but I think coffee creates the same antibodies as gluten, anybody here this?
I am from the Crohn's disease and ostomy forums on here. I have been relatively healthy for the last 10 or so years. Recently, aboutIf anyone has any advice I'd love to hear it...I just want help...Thank you in advance...
Here’s a brief history:I defiantly know I have vitamin deficiencies. However its strange because I've always been told that these symptoms would disappeared once my villi began to heal. Nope, not for me.
Hello, I'm 22 years old and I've recently started wondering if I may have celiac disease. There's no history of it in my family that I'm aware of. I remember being sick a lot as a kid, my parents often thought I was faking stomach aches to get out of school, because I had them so frequently. I also have/had excruciatingly painful periods ever since I was a kid, it would be hard to get out of bed. I recently had my baby, 3 1/2 months ago, and about
I've been having a lot of problems lately. It has put me out of work and sent me to the doctor repeatedly. I found out about
I have been having pain in my lower right side for a few weeks. Right under ribs. Usually after I eat. I eat lots of fruit and vegetables so I've hear it could be excessive has built up .What is wrong with me? Where do I go from here? I'm in a lot of pain
Hi,Joanne
Hi,thank you!
take a look at this transcript I think it will help was more than i can in this small post.
Hi everyone this is my first time on here i am after some advice please.
Hi all,

I have had bloating and fatigue for years. My GI doctor told me I should try to go gluten free. I have been for two months. I feel a little better but I have noticed that my stools are really soft. They are formed but not &quot;normal&quot; like they use to be. Has anybody else had this experience? Does any one know if this is a result of giving up gluten? Is it just my intestines healing? Thanks.
Hello there, 
I came across a new drug study for Celiac disease and wondering does any one aware of it ? if so, what is your opinion?http://www.agilecrt.com/current-trials.php[url]
Wanted to ask here, I post in the crohns forum.. I ve had many tests done... all gluten tests , crohns tests Ive paid for many advanced tests docs do not use from advanced allergy testing to advanced bacteria tests, organic acid tests stool tests and a test rarely used by GI doc called an IBD expanded panel. I test in blood on the IBD expanded panel for crohns.. nothing comes back for celiac.. but heres my storythanks for you time EDDIE
Has anyone ever had h pylori?After having heartburn and acid reflux symptoms, indigestion and a pain in my right side after eating, I tested positive for h pylori. I am on treatment with two antibiotics and an antacid for two weeks. I am experiencing cramping and diarreah a from the antibiotics. Should I start taking a probiotic now or wait until after treatment ?
Hi all, I was wondering if someone can help me in interpreting my EGD biopsy results from 2 weeks ago. My doc just called me yesterday and has asked me to stay away from wheat, milk and related products. Quite honestly, I am a bit shocked. Looking forward to your valuable input.
I was diagnosed with Celiac Disease in Jan. 2014 after 16 years of being misdiagnosed with just IBS. After being GF since January, I was finally able to get in to see a GI doctor for follow-up testing. There is a history of severe Crohn's in my family. I'm 25 and my doctor ordered both an Endoscopy and Colonoscopy to make sure there are not other issues going on in my body. 
Hi everyone. I am very confused at present. I had non-specific chronic inflammation in small intestine. My chron's test came negative and so as celiac blood test. But in biopsy it shows &quot;non-specific chronic inflammation in intestinal mucosa &quot;.  this then please reply. I  really need it.
I just finished treatment  for h pylori. It was two weeks on omeprazole, clarithromycin and Metronidazol for two weeks. The original pain I was having was heartburn, bloating and a pain on my side just under my rib cage. The antibiotics gave me diarrhea several times each day but I've been taking probiotics which I think have been helping.  two weeks but how do I cope with this pain? I saw a dr yesterday who said just put voltran cream on it, it's probably a muscle issue. I am taking 20 mg of omeprazole per day, so if it was an ulcer wouldn't that be helping it?
Having RSD since 1985 been a tough road to walk. To this day I still have I will continue to keep going on and fighting the good fight, but it has to get better.
hello  im new here..   celiac g/f 14 years    thanks
I'm 28 years old and I have an endoscopy scheduled for June 16. The dr said he is checking for possible celiac and a re test to see if I am still infected with h pylori. I'm really afraid because I do not want to have a gluten allergy. Do a lot of celiac suffers get h pylori infections?
Around 1.5 years ago, I began having terrible pain in my lower abdomen aboutWhat do you guys think?  I also have what seems like cyclical swelling (hands, feet, legs), some arthritic pain in my forearms and upper legs and sometimes, I just can’t get out of bed.  My mom had lupus and I’ve always been on the lookout for that, but it’s hard to diagnose and my ANA is negative.  Here’s where I am confused – if I have been gluten free for months now, why am I still having these issues if it’s celiac?  I asked him and he said it could be cross-contamination.  I prepare all of my own food, so I know it’s not that.  Can the allergist help me?  Does it sound like celiac to you guys?  Should I just go for the endoscopy?  Any input is appreciated.
Someone on one of these forums mentioned making their own yogurt using the VSL3 packets. Does anyone know the recipe or ratios they use of VSL product to milk when they make this yogurt. It looked so much more affordable. Thanks in advance.
I have been feeling miserable for the last two years with fatigue, weight gain, burning feet, eczema, and migraines.  I found out I have Hashimoto's confirmed by extremely  elevated thyroid peroxidase and thyroglobulin antibodies.  Additionally, I was screened for celiac disease.  My doctor has ruled out celiac disease yet I am concerned aboutAny advise, interpretation, and/or information relating to my post will be greatly appreciated.
Anyone willing to help me read what my dr wrote for my endoscopy today? I can't read the writing lol. Maybe respond and I can private message a picture .
Hi all-New to the board...but not to stomach issues!  I've had what I'd term IBS for most of my life...been in and out of doctor's offices with few answers.  I had a blood test a while back to see if I was celiac...it showed one type of elevated antibodies to gluten but my doc at the time said the level wasn't high enough to indicate anything...but wouldn't this still mean I'm gluten intolerant?  Any thoughts/common experiences?  Thanks!
Has anyone else been diagnosed with Celiac disease solely based on Marsh 1 biopsy - increased epithelial lymphocytes? They found elevated lymphocytes in both small intestine and colon. All blood tests including IgA and IgG are definitely negative. I have not been tested for H. Pylori. I have IBS symptoms that do not improve on a strict gluten free diet. My symptoms (nausea, stomach cramps and burning, occasional stabbing pains) DO improve however on a low FODMAP diet and with lots of exercise. Is this a confirmed case of Celiac disease? I am not going to go strict gluten free unless I'm at least 98% sure it is Celiac and not something else, as I experience NO improvement on a gluten free diet. (I tried going gluten free for 10 years with no quality of life improvement).
Does anyone else have a problem with other foods? I have been gf since December 2013. I was told by my doctor I most likely was a false negative for celiacs but to consider myself intolerant. I know almost immediately when I accidentally get gluten, symptoms last for 3 weeks so I am very careful now. If I didn't make it or can't read the label I won't eat it. But all of the sudden I'm pretty sure eating corn is giving me terrible stomach pain. I am eliminating it to see if that's the cause but wanted to know if anyone else has experienced other intolerances. Thanks for any help or info.
Hi everyone , need some help and advice.would love to hear what u guys think?
Hello All,     However, the protein powder she was using was called Arbonne and is quite expensive!! I was curious if anyone in this forum uses a protein powder for shakes/smoothies and is happy with it.  One that is not as expensive.  Please feel free to share any ideas, recipes, or suggestions that could help me out. Thank You!
Is it normal to have hair loss with celiac disease?  My granddaughter was diagnosed with it and she has lost all her hair.
I am not celiac, my sister is. I've been tested via blood work a couple times.&nbsp;I recently read about genetic testing and how it can be helpful, but not necesarily a diagnosis tool. 
If you don't have a vested interest in this sale this is fine, otherwise it needs to be submitted to the admin for inclusion in the resources section.  
&nbsp;I've been blood tested. I had an endoscopy 2 years ago and called the office to find out if they ever did the biopsy (back when I ate wheat/gluten). My blood test came back negative and I was GF at the time so I know why. I am being tested for Lyme since I had a suspect blood result pop up. But the doc did ask me to investigate celiacs again since a lot of the symptoms can be similar.
In January, I finally went to see a gastroenterologist after years of horrible digestive issues (extremely painful bloating, constipation, etc. etc.). I did my research beforehand and I thought I might have celiac's disease, because once I paid attention to my diet I realized that I got sick after any meal that included bread or pasta. My doctor agreed that my symptoms fit a Celiac diagnosis, and I had the IgA blood test done. The test came back negative. After that, the doctor seemed convinced it wasn't gluten. She told me I had IBS and prescribed me a laxative. The laxative helped me feel a bit better in general, but I still felt sick after almost every meal. So I decided to trust my instincts, and aboutOne more random question: can undiagnosed CD cause hair loss?
I suspect that I have CD. At the very least, I have a severe intolerance for gluten. This is really bad timing because I have a final exam on Thursday that I really need to study for. Does anyone have any tips for overcoming this exhaustion/inability to focus?
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
I heard there are new gluten free Betty Crocker mixes. Does anyone know if they are also dairy free? Thanks!
I've been GF for almost a year, make my own bread, have tried lots of recipes - some good, some bad but what I REALLY miss is pizza. I've tried them ALL - some are OK but most are nothing like real pizza. The absolute only one that I would say is just like real pizza is Your Pie but it's only in FL, SC, GA and TN, very limited. So, my question is: Is there ANY pill that will allow me to have pizza once in a while? Thanks!
i have a questionis it possible to have adult onset celiac disease? i made a post already in the lyme topic and the rheumatolgy one. i was trying to figure whats going on with me. my main complaints are joint pain/swelling, muscle pain, carpal tunnel, muscle twitching, fatigue , headaches, ear stuffiness, hoarse voice etc. no stomach problems other than bloating which i have always had since age 16 or so. my blood test showed positive ana 1:16 a gene HLA-b27 and one mildly elevated liver enzyme, along with low level of protein. the chronic pain has been since age 26 and im 28. im trying to save money so if i can try this diet i want to see if it helps me.
Hi there. I need some help finding a cheese that is gluten-free, wheat and barley free, and protein free (or very minimal protein). My grandmother has both Celiac disease as well as Parkinson's disease. She is taking a medication called Prolopa for her Parkinson's symptoms. However, the Prolopa will not work if she has eaten protein within 3 hours of her taking the medication and therefore needs to time the medication quite carefully.  gluten-free/protein free foods that might help her. Have you had any experience with soy based cheeses that might help me?
Are any of the Gluten-Free Chex cereals any good?  Are they safe, given that the same company makes wheat-containing cereals too?-Razzle
Participants are needed for a study created by a Notre Dame de Namur Master's student investigating the effect of having a companion animal/pet on coping with a chronic illness. You do not need to own a pet to participate.**Permission has been granted from Peter Waite to post this recruitment**
Home Diseases & Conditions Forums & Chat Blog Videos Join HealingWellAdvertise | Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
My husband and I are getting ready to go to Washington D.C. and I'm not having much luck with researching gluten-free restaurant options. We'll be between the downtown area and the Navy Yard and won't have a car so we don't want to travel far. Anyone have suggestions?
Hi, I've been having stomach/bowel problems for months now which my doctor seem to think is IBS-C. I've had blood tests, ultra sound scans of my stomach and urine/stool tests and nothing has shown up apart from a tiny gallstone. I've had a celiac screening test and that came back negative and I've just finished around a two month period on the FODMAP diet. I've recently started re-introducing foods. I've tried Weetabix - which I've been fine with so far and I've had no symptoms yet but whenever I've tried bread, I bloat! Is it possible that I do have some sort of wheat intolerance even though I'm fine with Weetabix? And are there any wheat intolerance tests available or are they just a waste of time because they aren't 100% accurate? Thanks :)
Hi I'm new to the board.&nbsp; Do these symptoms sound familiar???
Just starting to eat gluten free and I am wondering what bread&nbsp;is everyones favorite.&nbsp; Frozen premade or recipe to make it. I do have a gluten free setting on my breadmaker. Also what type flour. This is the thing I am most sad about! I just want Grandma Sycamore to make gluten free bread!! Wish it was just an easy thing that tasted just like regular white bread.
I decided to have a bagel, and as soon as I took my third bite, I felt nauseous and a bit dizzy. (At the moment I have stomach cramps.) It's been hypothesised that I might be gluten sensitive, but I haven't paid it any mind. I've always had joint popping and that's never bothered me. It's probably no big deal, but I'm curious: Do bagels make you nauseous too or is it just me?
I am way to skinny now and need to gain weight, I have ulcerative colitis in remission, hyperthyroid, adrenals glands are shot, gluten intolerant, soy intolerant, lactose intolerant, cannot have corn based and no barley based. Any suggestions? I need to gain a minimum of at least 10 lbs.
Has Healing Well helped you out?  Help keep this website going by donating once in a while!&quot;Life is far too important to be taken seriously.&quot; - Oscar Wilde
Has anyone found a good cake mix? I've used Bob's but no matter what I make I can taste the beans :-(Betty Crocker is too expensive, it is only one layer so you have to use two boxes. Help!
Participants are needed for a study created by a Notre Dame de Namur Master's student investigating the effect of having a companion animal/pet on coping with a chronic illness. You do not need to own a pet to participate.*This post has been approved by Peter Waite. This will be the second and final posting.*
Look, I feel silly for being here simply because people tease you when you say you're trying a gluten free diet. It has become so trendy that it's not taken seriously. The truth is, though, I've been having digestive issues since I was a kid and only now has gluten intolerance really gotten much attention so now is the time when I have the awareness to try it. Sam
I've had GI issues off and on since I was a child. I'm 21 now and they're the worst they've ever been. It started a few years back where I'd get &quot;attacks&quot; of pain in the upper abdomen right in the center and then have difficulty eating for awhile but then things would be &quot;normal&quot; again. They thought it was an ulcer but it wasn't. Then they thought it was a hiatal hernia and after cutting me open, it wasn't. Fast forward to October of last year.. An attack happened and then even after the pain was gone I still was unable to eat. My stomach was extremely swollen all of the time and worse after eating. I was living off of liquids and saw a new GI doctor who said it was all in my head. I then went to another GI doctor who did a GES and found out I had moderate Gastroparesis, Small Intestine Bacterial Overgrowth, H. Pylori, and an esophagus that never closes. He treated SIBO and H. Pylori but I never got better. I'm always dehydrated now and barely eat a tiny meal a day. Any more than that and the nausea is too extreme that I dry heave until I have to make myself get sick. That GI offered no further help so I recently saw another. I've lost 19 pounds and am now down to 106.. I can't afford to lose anymore weight but yet this doctor doesn't know what to do either. He said my Gastroparesis isn't severe enough to do this. My stomach always is so swollen still that I look bigger now than I did before the weightloss which is alarming. Eating makes me look easily six months pregnant. Wheat is a huge trigger but I stay away from it and haven't received my celiac results yet. FYI I also have Lyme, Endo, IC, POTS, and Fibro. Does anyone know what could be wrong or what further tests can be done? Thanks in advanced for any help! Xoxo
Hey all,Anyone else experienced this?
Here is a site with information:
Hi on; Methotrexate,Endone,Tramal 200mg,Prednisone,Metforman(Diabex),Tambocor. Oxygen & Cpap, Prolia (Denosumab Injection),Lyrica
Hi!
Hi just wondered how many people think it would be a good idea to have a forum for the Families & Carers ?on; Methotrexate,Endone,Tramal 200mg,Prednisone,Metforman(Diabex),Tambocor. Oxygen & Cpap, Prolia (Denosumab Injection),Lyrica
I have been diagnosed with malabsorption and Irritable bowel. I have had diarrhea following meals for two years.  My dr tested me for gluten allergy and intolerence with a blood test and biopsy. He said my villi looked flattened. All tests came back negative. I was told to try a gluten free diet and my diarrhea decreased. How can I test negative, but the diet after two months, has stopped my diarrhea and has improved my overall health. I also have a rash on my ankle which my dermatologist suggested is a gluten rash. Does anyone have any experience in this??
Hi there 11 years ago. I don't want to keep doing damage to my gut but not sure what else could cause this?? I'm a 38 year old female. Thanking you all in advance x
What can u do to help urself thru a horrible attack after gettin gluten somehow. I become so ill. Violent chills, headaches, skin n body hurt along with quick heartbeat n insomia. I want to die!!! Any help? Any ideas?
Hello, I'm just wondering if anyone knows aboutMeds: Zegerid, Xanax, Claritin, Zofran PRN & Carafate PRN.
So I have had celiac disease since I was a kid.. a month. Any other suggestions?
I have had severe pain in my abdomen. I got Gastro Duodenoscopy done the report reads:Please help me understand the report.
Hello!
Hi, for 2.5 years I've had really bad flare-ups that:Levothyroxine, Cymbalta, Trazodone
I am hoping to get some input from you all! I have read several posts and have found them helpful. Here is my story...Back to Top
Hi!What symptoms do you get? Do you have any &quot;fixes&quot; for any of them, once the damage is done?
Hi I am new here and was just diagnosed with Lyme Disease, I tested positive. I have Celiac Disease, also tested positive by biopsy. My Concern is how and if anyone else on here has both and if so what treatment works best? I only have two foot of small intestine left so I really need to be careful. Tammy
I had a celiacs test, basic anti-gliadin, and something ese it was negative, this was 2 years ago.could it take 3 years for lyme disease to manifest symptoms, and then rapidly progress, or its a gradual increase of symptoms over years? I did suspect lyme disease before, but it was for another condition. I looked online and kept pointing to neurodegenerative diseases and autoimmune ones.
Hello, I'm new here. (Nice to meet you!) I've been gluten free for aboutI'm more curious than anything!
Hi all,
I think you need to get a second opinion.  If you are getting glutened, that should show up in the blood work.
We are a group of students dedicated to helping people with various chronic diseases. Our aim is to create an online database for people with chronic diseases so that we can generate a personalized health profile, to essentially help improve diets, health, fitness, and essentially promote a personalized local community, and a user's overall health. Fill out this survey to help us determine what YOU would like to see in this app! 
Hi! I'm here from the crohns board. I was diagnosed with crohns about it it seems that it was always the day following eating something fried from a restaurant that was most likely cross contaminated. (I wasn't consuming gluten items, but not avoiding cross contaminated foods) The difference is my crohns wouldn't be just a few hour incidence at pretty much the same time of day each time. And like I said only the day following eating something that was probably fried in a fryer with foods containing gluten, so it would be spaced out and not daily issues. I'm also having pain under my rib cage. It's almost always present if I press on the area, but is terrible when my bowels are acting up.  My dr mentioned possibly testing for celiac by taking a tissue sample? Does any of this sound like gluten intolerance/ celiac to you?
I am 14 years of age. Suddenely out of the blue in june 2014 i started developing dizziness off balance sensations headaches loss of appetite. I went to the doctors for testing and nothing was wrong. I woke up many days absolutely exhausted  like id done a marthon and in the middle of the days it happened also just bouts of extreme fatigue. I couldnt concrete, breathlessness I had vertigo(sudden falling sensations) tensions headaches, shaking, temperature changes(too cold or too hot with chills)Joint pain, facial numbness . These are only SOME symtoms.I had leg weakness like I was walking on trampolines. i have had this varying each day for months. I went to the ENT and I got my ears unblocked which subsided some of the vertigo but I still get off balance sensations. One time At the beginning of the new year I had a very uneasy stomach I felt like I couldnt eat rich foods, I couldnt eat I felt extremely nauseous so i headed to the doctors. They  said I had a possibly of celiac , I had testing and it was negative. a couple weeks later I felt like eating healthy(no apprant reason) I swapped baked goods for fruit and vegetables and This carried on for two weeks, I still ate gluten but not as much as I usually would, I realised i feel so much more energized and I complety forgot about
always start with a sore throatsunny
When I read the FDA's final ruling on GF I was more than a little upset.  The food must contain less than 20 ppm to be labeled GF; this is not safe for a person with celiacs that is sensitive to any gluten.  Would they do this for say a peanut allergy?Polycystic Kidney disease, stage 3.  My Fiance has Celiac Disease, dx when he was 4 years old and just dx with polycythemia.
Greetings,Thanks in advance!
has anyone gotten the rash associated with celiac and what does it look like and does it itch
My doc included a Gluten IgG test in my recent routine labs from Quest.  I'm 2.9 where negative is less than 2.0 mcg/ml. I see references on these boards to IgA/Antigliadin tests, but I'm not clear where a high &quot;Gluten IgG&quot; puts me.A different doc who is treating me for Lyme has ordered an Antigliain IgA fecal test through EnteroLab but I've read opinions where most of their testing comes out positive.
Hi.What do you think ?
This is terrible news for someone on a strict gluten free diet. the arsenic in ny body already?
I have celiac disease. I had been doing better overall for the past couple months. This last weekend my family and I went out of town and ate out quite a bit. Well, I got sick Saturday night with sudden diarrhea. Sorry to be graphic, but it was very yellow, greasy and had a strong odor. I ended up taking a total of 3 Imodium and it settled. Didn't feel well in the morning. Ate a little lunch and soon after had the awful diarrhea again with nausea. By this time we were on the road, which is such a nightmare! Had to take another 3 Imodium and Zofran. That was yesterday. Havent ate since. Just had another similar bowel movement, a bit more solid but nasty. It's Monday afternoon now. Feel yucky overall with muscle weakness as well. Have lost about 8 lbs since last Thursday. I have had 6 Imodium since Saturday night. Does this sound like a gluten response?
Hello everyone, I am new to this forum.  I am in desperate need of some support and guidance.  For a few months I have had many health issues: prolapsed bladder, bacteria vaginitis, constipation with bouts of diarrhea and severe lower back pain.  I have been to the ER 3 times, last time was Sunday with severe back pain that doesn't let up.  They gave me morphine, then dialudid and finally Percocet before I was comfortable enough.  They did an MRI, which they said looked okay.  I had a colonoscopy yesterday. I was crying because of the back pain before I went in and woke up crying.  The dr said my colon looked good!  Now I have an endoscopy on Friday.  I am just beyond frustrated and can't handle the pain anymore.  Could it be Celiacs?  Would that show up on a MRI? Blood work showed my thyroid was slightly low.
I usually hang out in the UC forum,but you guys need to see this.
There is a theory that all disease starts in the gut.  It is very important to have good bacteria in the gut.  Some people use probiotics but I like to do the probiotic foods such as Kombucha tea and homemade sauerkraut.  Putting the good bacteria in the gut can be helpful.
Hello everyone,I appreciate any input and advice from you all. Thank you in advance!
i was taking peppermint pills with each meal and helped alot.does anyone know if its ok to take both in the same day?   thanks
So my GI probs started after getting sick while out of the country (2yrs ago). Fast foward to a few months ago my issues got worse (seeing a lot of undigested food in my stools... not just veggies but what seems like pieces of rice or bread sry if tmi) I've never seen anything that looks like blood though and my stools range from hard to loose but never diarrhea and I go from 1-3 times a day. During this time I was under a lot of stress and started having anxiety/depression for the first time in my life. I'm now having trouble gaining weight I can maintain my weight but if I don't eat much and lose it, it's really hard to gain it back. Well all my blood work comes out fine. ..no anemia, or b12 deficiency or anything at all...yet I'm really tired all the time and I'm only 26yrs old! ! I have bloating, gases, pain in my tummy, SEVERE acid reflux with esophageal spasms again for the first time in my life, painful muscles, and joints and HAIR LOSS. Bc of my good test results and my doctor says my tummy is soft he just says it's IBS. Could I be sensitive to gluten? (I've had stool tests for inflammation come back negative, blood work for inflammation negative, and celiac panel negative) I am going to try the low FODMAP diet which is gluten free to see if it helps my issues. I know I feel horrible if I eat mango which is high in fructose so I'm thinking either fructose malabsorption or gluten sensitivity. What do you guys think? I'm getting desperate.
So I was diagnosed about 5 years ago with celiacs via endoscope biopsy. I immediately  went gf. At the time and for a long while I had alot of pain and symptoms whenever I was glutened. All of a sudden all my symptoms went away. It's difficult to stay gf now that Iam asymptomatic. Should I stay gf or should I eat what I want?
I have a long history of all sorts of curious things.Anyone have a clue what tests I should ask for at this point?
What are the most common symptoms you all experience with Celiac Disease? Thank you.
IgA 40 - 350 mg/dL 391 TISSUE TRANSGLUTAMINASE IGG INTERPRETATION   Negative: &lt;20
Hello,Thanks.
Dears;so can you help to Diagnosis if it is celiac disease or NON-CELIAC GLUTEN SENSITIVITY ? and is biopsy safe for his edge Thanks
Hi
Hi everyone! I'm a 25 year old woman from Colorado and I'm newly diagnosed with celiac disease. Anyone who has encountered this disease understands this is a huge lifestyle change (especially for a junk food addict!). I'm still learning and adapting. I would love to talk to people in similar situations and get any first-hand advice on this challenge
I had an upper endoscopy and colonoscopy yesterday morning. I had been having severe abdominal pain and constipation issues. Colonoscopy was normal; I have severe IBS-C. I've GERD for a long time and was diagnosed with eosinophilic esophagitis in 2009. My GI doctor took 5 biopsies in my duodenum to check for occult celiac disease. He also took 2 biopsies above my gastroesophageal junction and 2 from my mid-esophagus. Yesterday I wasn't able to eat anything, because whenever I tried to eat, my chest would get tight when the food was going down. Also, my back started hurting...it's very annoying and feels like someone is pinching inside. The back pain is on my left and is mostly mid-back, but some upper back pain too. I don't have a fever and I haven't coughed up blood. Has anyone else had this type of pain after EGD? Thank you.
So I was Diagnosed with Advanced Graves Disease (hyperthyroidism)last year. Had my thyroid removed because it was very large and choking me. Since I've had low calcium levels and magnesium levels. My body hurts all the time. Intense muscle spasms, bone pain, it's a nightmare. I've always had sort of an upset stomach and I thought it resulted from the Graves Disease as it subsided some since I had my thyroid removed. Anyhow, my endocrinologist tested me for Celiac Disease recently and these were my results. He believes I have it and has referred me to an Gastroenterologist because he knows nothing aboutWhat do you all think? I know I probably need a biopsy to confirm anything. Can I be negative on two of three of the tests and still have it?
HiAt the moment I just live off potatoes mainly but these give me IBS problems. Anyone got any ideas? I can't really tolerate many vegetables or fatty foods either at the moment as they make me a bit nauseated and I have to put on weight.
Hi
Date Joined Sep 2015Done in June and that was negative. Still have been trying to eat gluten free but now my DGP test is 36 last week. Confused if I have Celiac.
Hi Everyone,
I was told 16 years ago my vili were flat and to avoid gluten.Anyone else have any answers?
 
You need to obtain the site administrator's permission to post this.  Please email him at admin@healingwell.com.  Thank you.
So my symptoms started randomly, got a huge wave of &quot;brain fog&quot; one day, honestly feels like yeast in my brain... headaches and what have you.  So I honestly need to calm myself down because I keep thinking I have some deadly disease and sometimes it depresses me and gives me anxiety to just keep thinking aboutI just wanted to know what are the chances that this is lyme, celiac, or gluten sensitivity?  I was tested for lyme probably 3 times within the past 8 or so years and all came back negative.  Never had the igenex test though.  I've also had a brain MRA, not an mri, and it came back normal.  I wonder what an mri would show though.
Prior to being diagnosed with late stage lyme disease, I thought my only issue was food related.  An enterolabs stool test indicated I was producing antibodies to gluten, soy, eggs and dairy.  And the genetic test indicated was non-celiac gluten sensitive.Any thoughts?  Thanks!
I'm wheat free (food allergy - IgE sensitivity) and virtually gluten free as other grains seem to be contaminated with wheat either in the field or in the factory's that handle them.
My daughter was diagnosed today.  First question, are there ever any false positives with this?  Before we go gluten free, I just wanted to hold on to a little bit of hope. Also, do any of your get a sore throat and headaches with your celiac's?  She seems to get that a lot and I really need to find out if it is from the celiac's or something else. Thank you.
I'm a 31-year-old high school teacher (currently on disability) who has been dealing with 4 years of major gastrointestinal problems, which resulted in major surgery for a rectal prolapse & redundant colon last August, prior to which I had lost aboutWeak positive anti-TTG. Consider the possibility of celiac disease - a small bowel biopsy may be required.
Since mid October i have had constipation issues. I saw a gastroenterologist and had an upper endoscopy that did not show anything. I had a colonoscopy last summer from the same Doctor that was normal  I am awaiting the tissue sample results from the endoscopy The problem is that I don'eat much and get fatigued and when I eat my stomach hurts. I am drinking fluids and trying to eat smaller meals. I take omeprazole but it seems to irritate my stomach. I ate fruits on an empty stomach and it gave me the dry heaves. Which was the real problem  before I cleaned myself out. It had stopped until the fruit intake in the morning with Special K and lactose free milk made me start to cough and dry heave.i am at my wits end as I do not feel well enough to return to work and may lose my job if this is not resolved soon. I have taken a sedative to calm me down as I have a nervous stomach to begin with but it really slows me down and makes me sleepy. Which is not bad since I have been getting up at four in the morning regardless of when I go to sleep. I take a daily dose of Miralax an one senekot daily. If anyone can offer some assistance I would be forever grateful!I
Hello,I've heard Eosinophilic Esophagitis and CD can cause reflux and some of my other symptoms.  Can anyone tell me if this sounds like a gluten issue?
I have read through several sites etc and I am all but convinced that I have a gluten intolerance, but I have not seen much about
i heard of the effect of fibrous fruits and herbs on constipation but how about by the accumulation of feces in the colon? can it be eliminated too by just using fibers?
So I'm 25 yo male. Literally cannot have any grains.  The symptoms I get are mostly extraintestinal - severe brain fog and irritability, insomnia, heart palps, night sweats after ingesting basically any grain.  Mild but bearable pain in the abdomen. This is tested through years.  I tested wheat, corn, Brown rice, basically any grain.  I'm on my phone typing so mind the grammar if its bad...the only physical visible sign is mouth ulcers, tested for each grain, so I can tell if what I've eaten was bad.Would you call this celiac or gluten intolerance or grain intolerance... I don't get diarrhea or throw up.  Also if I go completely grain free I feel so much better, but after a while going grain free I develop insomnia...this is probably due to lack of mineral vitamin absorption so I recently bought a multivitamin.  If I go back eating Brown rice I can sleep but have brain fog.  Any suggestions on a good multivitamin I can take without too much vit c because I'm sensitive?  Gosh I hate this crap.  It's so hard to figure out.
Is there anyone else &quot;pre-celiac&quot; and asymptomatic like me who has had long-term success without losing their mind and still enjoying eating out without feeling like you have to stay in a plastic bubble?  I don't have it &quot;Yet&quot; and I am scared.  Sorry this is long but I wanted to be thorough:How careful should I be?  Thank you for you help!!
I have a stomach problem for last five years. I had 3 Colonoscopies, one Endoscopy, two kidney ultrasound and one CAT scan of the whole abdomen. However; the doctor did not find anything. I wake up around 3:00 a.m. every night with mild discomfort on the upper right hand side of my abdomen. I feel bloated and full of gas. I take water with Apple Cider Vinegar and baking soda. After 1/2 an hour I go back to sleep. It happens almost every night. I also have frequent urination during the night (4-5 times). I also get left shoulder pain and ringing in my ears. Some day all this goes away for a couple of day but then comes back. It is disturbing my sleep and I feel tired during the day. My all blood tests are normal. Sugar and cholesterol are within normal range.  I am lactose in tolerant. I am allergic to eggs.I would like welcome comments and suggestions from the readers on this website.
Hello, currently going through testing, anyone find a way reduce symptoms In the period where your doctor tells  you to continue eating normally so you don't affect rest results. I have a couple month wait for the endo/intestinal biopsi......such is the trouble free of public health care....chronic diareah/constipation/bloating...for like the last 20 year, early onset arthritis, skin rashes, modled tooth enamle, tired all the time, slow wound healing... Yadayadayada....Blood work says I'm highly positive for gluten antibodies, doctor says don't stop eating gluten till after the anal probi...er I mean endoscopy....oh well at least I can keep drinking beer for a few months...... Sigh...
How are you tested for Celiac?  I had blood test several years ago and they were normal.  I believe I have a gluten intolerance, but is there a way to find out?
Can i get fired for missing too many days of work due to celiac during probationary period
As for many of you here, it's a cry for help. Today I heard from yet another doctor &quot;you should seek the second opinion&quot;. 3 years of gluten-free diet, probing elimination of other foods, unexplainable weight gains and weight loss (but mostly weight gain), extreme (think 8 months pregnant) bloating frequently even after drinking plain water, gas, fatigue, extreme hunger that never gets fulfilled, and the worst of all feeling hopeless....I am hoping there's someone out there who's been through similar stuff and found cure or something to turn this around. Please ping me if that's the case. I'm losing it...
I've been on a dramatic journey with weight loss and extreme feeling of fullness. I'm wondering if others have experienced something similar: Does anyone experience similar issues?
Hello Everyone,Thanks so much for reading and I hope someone can relate or provide insights.
I've always believed myself to be wheat allergic but am now wondering if I was misdiagnosed:-MMM
Hi everyone! Thanks so much for reading my novel! Any advice/help is appreciated! [code]
I want to share something I did that improved digestion and made me not react weird to eating gluten products nearly as much. Not saying this is a cure, or anything...but maybe there is a direct connection. 
I have not been formally diagnosed with celiac disease, so I hope this is OK to post.Thank you!
HiI have not been diagnosed with celiacs, but definitely have gluten sensitivity.  I cut out both gluten and dairy 10 days ago.  I'm definitely having withdrawal issues.  The first week was mainly exhaustion, aches and pains, minor irritiability.  The last few days I've dropped into a serious depression - crying spells, inability to concentrate, terrible irritability and insomnia.  Anyone else have this.  I was just reading that gluten and casein affect opiod receptors so withdrawal can be nasty, but I didn't think it would be this bad!
I'm working with a gastroenterologist to find a cause for some symptoms and he tested me for celiac. Biopsies after a recent EGD showed &quot;lymphocytic infiltrates consistent with celiac.&quot; I'm three-months post-gastric bypass and have an extremely limited diet both due to the bypass and the symptoms. I don't think I have it and he seems pretty sure. Well, the results were negative but he told me at the visit and in the results letter that it could be a false negative &quot;due to limited diet.&quot; Chinese meat and vegetables is about the only thing I can tolerate and have been able to tolerate for going on a month now. I was under the impression that chinese food is loaded with gluten. Am I wrong? Wouldn't I at least be having attacks to some severity every time I ate it instead of it being the ONE food I can tolerate?
Cause of decreased folds in duodenum?i just dont get why i have decreased folds
I hope all your festivities are gluten-free.
May everyone have a happy, safe, and non-glutened day!Jon
Needing some answers.   My doc called called 2 days ago telling me my stool sample was positive for celiacs disease. My question is can they tell what it is by stool sample? I've been sick since xmas.before that in the past yr I've woke up in middle of night with a terrible gas belly ach. 11 yrs ago I went through a spell and was told it was ibs & I had my gallbladder removed. It took over a yr to get better. My symptoms are swelled left rib cage & hurting like I have ulcer. I kept thinking it was kidney stones coming back till xmas eve I was aching so bad in lower stomach & hips. Felt dehydrated. Every since then if I eat I feel horrible. Pain under left to cage & also right but lower. All my blood work is fine except I'm bad anemic. I am constantly dizzy. I was put on protonix , sucrafate & a iron pill. I believe a lot of this sickness has to do with I thought it was kidney stone & went to urologist & he done exrays & told me I was impacted to go home & drink citrate magnesium. I did & guess what  I got deathly I'll.  Come to find out my primary took a look at exrays & I was not impacted! Then I had sinus infection & could tell a difference in my breathing so primary put me on augmentium & zocor for cholesterol .4 days into it I was deathly sick having tachardia & stopped the meds. I am short of breath. My stomach feels like it never stops working. Night sweats but mind you I am 49. I just feel really sick. Doc wants me to go gluten free. When I asked about sending me to gastro his nurse told me to try this first.
Please someone with some first handed knowledge. I have been on gluten free diet for 6 days & I still feel like there is razors in my guts. As soon as I eat acid starts flowing up. I will say this is the clearest minded I have been in months but when is the rib cage pain going to stop? I also get to hurting in around belly button. I cannot see gastro doc until February 14th but my doc ran all panels for celiacs & they came up positive,  gliadin IgAAB positive. igA 205 Tissue Transglutaminase IgA  29.39  range is 0.00- 15.00.  So doc says it is celiacs.
I did some looking into the not so great qualities concerning scoping.  Endoscopy and colonscopy.Be careful out there!
I was just wondering if others are anemic. I am just trying to figure out where I'm at  in this dreadful disease. I liked it much better when doc would blame ibs or having no gallbladder. I just don't understand how I went from being so active & productive to this. I am down 10lbs I weigh a whole 108lb & that is with clothes! I went to gp the other day & tried to tell him how bad I feel & all I got was the only thing wrong with you is you have celiacs disease & ibs you need to get your nerves under control! Well if I would of had a compitant doc the last 13 yrs that would of listened to me instead of dumping everything into ibs maybe I wouldn't be in this shape! Sorry for the rant I'm just so frustrated. I go see gastro next Tuesday & I cannot wait. My daughter in law works there & thinks he would be the best fit for me because he also has celiacs. If nothing else he should be compassionate.
Please bare with me.
Hey everyone! I have some serious questions and this page has helped a ton! I had a colonoscopy about a month ago some red patches but probably from prep and biopsies came back great! Which means colitis meds are working. Thing is Friday I had an endoscopy and my entire upper is inflammed, including my small intestines just pretty much everything. I have a non bleeding ulcer in my stomach, and my esophagus has white blood cells all in there. Anyone have experience with this? I also feel constant ache and extreme fatigue. This can't be related to colitis. The doctor is waiting on biopsies to see what's happening just hate waiting and seeing if ANYONE has insight on this. Thanks!
So I seen my new gastro doc today. I have to start eating glutrn again for him to make proper diagnosis. He explained if it was true celiacs I would have to be retested in 6 months to make sure I had diet figured out. But if it was tolerance it would just make me sick with no damage. My pcp has had me on iron for a month which I have been very worried about. I have even asked him to retest my iron level & he refused. His exact words was the only thing wrong with you is you have celiacs disease, ibs & you need to get your nerves under control. Well the gastro doc hit the roof! My father had hemochromatosis & my aunt is currently being treated for it. Gastro said my iron was NOT low & hasn't been low. He just could not believe I've been on iron for a month. So now I have that to worry with!  I think it's time to find new pcp.... good thing I stepped on his toes & got in to see gastro because he had no intentions of rechecking iron until march.  Some of these docs scare the hell out of me. This is same doc that told me I didn't need to be scoped. I just had a feeling I needed someone more specialized in celiacs. Thank god.
Hi everybody, 8 months after I was diagnosed celic
Is this a dead forum? Can anyone recommend an active one?Carey
I was gluten free for about 2 weeks and of course wasn't feeling well because I already had a cold. Then I just completely crashed one day. Started having extreme fatigue and weakness. Muscle pain. Stomach problems. Anxiety and panic attacks. I immediately stopped eating the noodles and went back to gluten free. I noticed that eating oats caused the same reaction. Now it is two months out and I am still feeling weak and fatigued. Other symptoms are hard time sleeping, muscle pain, crying easily, panic attacks, reactions to almost everything I eat now. However it is gradually seeming to subside. Questions...Can gluten have a cumulative affect where the symptoms just keep getting worse the more you keep eating and eventually cause a crash?  Can the symptoms last for 2-3 mi the or longer? Can oats cause the same reaction (the oats were gluten free)?
My name is Heidi Maxwell, and I am currently completing my doctoral dissertation in Clinical Psychology and I am seeking participants for my study.  The objective of the proposed study is to examine emotional sequelae associated with the experience of severe unexplained symptoms of celiac disease over extended period of time.
Hey Guys! Kevin Murphy
I was told this week by a general dr I have celiac based on results from a stool test. I now realize celiac is not diagnosed this way. CAN it be? Do I not even have it? I got into a GI at U Of Chicago end of sept and I'm not sure if I should stay on gluten for further testing (which I have emailed her aboutThank you!
Hi, everyone. I haven't been diagnosed with Celiac disease, so I hope it's okay for me to post here.Thank you!
I was diagnosed with Lyme 2 years ago and wasn't getting better so I switched doctors. My new doctor ran a bunch of tests.  The tests were done on an empty stomach and I have been gluten free (almost, I did cheat once in a while) for a year before that.Not sure what else I may have since LLMD does not test for co-infections
Post approved by Founder & CEO Peter Waite:Thanks in advance for your participation!
Hello! I'm going to try and keep this short...I'm at a lose.  Not sure if it is nothing, celiac disease or gluten sensitivity.  Anyone know what her results could mean?
I just had a colonoscopy and found out that I have inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) called Ulcerative Colitis.
Hi all 
hi all i have been sick for 2 years now and doctors cant help me i had high faecal calprotectin for one year and charcot leyden crystals but they dont know what is wrong with me i still eat gluten have tryed going gluten free sometimes but i got alittle gluten sometimes in between could it be gluten i have wall thicken of my intense some places can gluten do all that to me or does it not sound like gluten?
Cycling lady posted this before thanks
Hi
My daughter was to do 3 months on doxy for acne..  Over two months she had stomach aches and really had to take the med on a full stomach.  The antibiotic noticeably increased her appetite.  She was hungry all the time.  She looks bloated and her belly looks bloated.  She had none of these issues and hunger before.  She has always ate regular meals at regular schedules and fairly conscientious of good choices.  But her intake definitely increased. She has gained 5 pounds.  That isn't much, but she is an active 13 year old who dances 15 hours a week with other activities.  It almost seemed overnight.  Now that the gut flora is damaged, can it be restored and how? It would be nice if the doctors were more  the side effects as I sure don't want her to have a lifetime of altered metabolism and digestive issues.  Should there be tests done to help restore her gut health.
Hey, so I've been taking digestive enzymes for about 5 months because I believe I have leaky gut and wanted to absorb more nutrients until I patched my gut up. Well I was successful in fixing my leaky gut, but I'm afraid if I stop taking the enzymes, my body won't be able to facilitate its own enzymes?  Is this even possible?
Hey everyone , could going gluten free and healing leaky gut benefit a bacterial dysbosis? Thanks
I was able to eat gluten and wheat my entire life but 4 years ago after getting food poisoning, I stopped being able to eat dairy and gluten. Nobody in my family is celiac, not even gluten intolerant. Yet now I have all the symptoms of a celiac person. 4 years later and after avoiding gluten, my symptoms are worse. If I even have the tiniest bit of gluten, I am sick for weeks. I stop absorbing fat. I get all the gluten attack symptoms. Yet I was not born celiac so I don't get it?Sorry for all the mixed info here I just don't know what to think and I wanted to state everything. Thank you!

I don't technically have Celiac Disease, but I'm on a strict gluten free diet that has completely cleared up digestive issues that I used to have.  I was diagnosed with &quot;colitis&quot; over 20 years ago and then later told that I had IBS.  I'm very familiar with Celiac.
My husband has probably been Celiac for years because he developed a skin problem called Dermatitis Herpetiformis when he was in the Navy in the late 50s and has taken medicine for it since 1961.  However about
What flour do you prefer for baking and what is your best bread recipe?&nbsp; I have read up on this and would like to try to go GF even though I don't believe I am a Celiac.&nbsp; My resources are kinda limited right now so I don't want to go out and buy a bunch of stuff that won't really taste good in the finished product.&nbsp; I do know I can not tolerate wheat,oatmeal, rye and corn products.&nbsp; One may assume what they will from this.&nbsp; Any input would be great as I know how restrictive GF can be and I love to eat!
check out the specific carbohydrate diet.  it is geared specifically for celiac, crohn's, and UC.  there is a HUGE on line resource too.  very helpful.  it suggests using nut flours, like almond and coconut flours, in place of white flour.  it is more expensive but i dont notice too much difference in taste, unless you use a lot of coconut flour.  my only problem is keeping the dough from falling.  i've doubled the baking soda and baking soda and it didnt work.  i havent made bread with it, but cakes and muffins and things like that.  i can tolerate them no problem.
our store has been getting so many different GF things lately. They have like maybe 20 different mixes that are GF. Not scd but I like to look at the new stuff :)
Hi all!
Hi I have crohn's disease and see that immune system  play an important role with thyroid problems as well. Sorry I cain't help you much with your question but just wanted to give some support as a person living with crohn's I am amazed at how many problems the immune system can cause.I do know someone that takes a replacement med because they have had their thyroid removed .Hope someone comes along with some answers. lol gail
Frances -Bill
Gosh, looks like a few of us from the UC forum also have thyroid issues-:)  I guess no suprirse since they are both autoimmune diseases.diagnosed 1/09 with colitis &amp;&nbsp;diverticulitis 
Bill,
I haven't.  I'm interested in them (though trying to find it is a bit disturbing), but I've been told that they won't do the camera pill until after they have already done an upper & lower endoscopy.  I'm not sure why that is -- I kinda panicked when I heard the word &quot;endoscopy&quot;.  I had a really horrible experience the last time -- long story short, the GI violated the contract I signed, overdosed me on anesthesia (I didn't know where I was for 3 days) & then lied to me and told me I had Barrett's Syndrome to cover up the fact that he had badly scraped my esophagus with the scope & needed to put me on pills so everything could heal up.  A friend of the family, one of the top GI specialists in the US, ended up reviewing my case & helping me get things straightened out, but it was all really horrible & the fact that he lied to me & told me I was pre-cancerous at age 19, was really upsetting.
This is information compiled from a variety of sources.

 
Anybody else out there gone from being Hypo to Hyper?  My labs and my symptoms now show I am hyper after being hypo for years.  My TSH is .001 but my antibodies and other tests were high.  Any input?
I walked into the hospital, swallowed a pill with plenty of water, walked out, went home and shut myself in my room and stayed there a total of 5 days. Because I live with small children I had to distance myself from them for a total of 7 days. I could not sleep with my husband for 2 nights and I used a seperate bathroom from the rest of the household for those 5 nights. Except for not being able to get close and hold the little ones life resumed to normal after the 5 day confinement.Rheumatoid arthritis with secondary Sjogrens, Fibromyalgia, meniscus tears in left knee, Cancer survivor
This site has a good explanation of what all those thyroid tests mean:
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Hi, I don't want to get into the pros and cons here, but a few months ago I started taking iodine and have had some great results with it. I've also reduced my thyroid dosages a bit and  have gotten to a point where I need more assistance with this process. I can run labs through my regular MD but I know he would not support me with this for all the obvious reasons of being part of the medical establishment.  Anyway, I would like to find a very knowledgeable person to work with, either in person or via telephone/ internet.  I've read Bernstein's book, and have also read  the Iodine Crisis by Farrow.  Unfortunately, neither offers nitty gritty advice  other than advising to work with a skilled medical practitioner.  I live in the NY metro area, but as I said, I think it would be possible to work with someone long distance. Any input or suggestions are most appreciated. Thanks!
I have been having weird symptoms all over. Mainly, my hands/feet turn red easily, and the red spots have kind of numbness and coldness. My hand doesn't really heal from imprints either, If I press my hand on something the imprint stays awhile. My TSH used to be higher at 2.00 awhile ago. My iodine level was a little low at 48.Free T4 Index(T7) =2.5    (range of 1.4-3.8)
Dear People does anyone have any thoughts or information on how to get off of predisone without a major health problem, anyone else have this issue please.   
hi alldoes it mean i have thyroid problems?
As the title said- what are the most profound symptoms that you experience with hypo or before being diagnosed?
Hi all,Any experiences with biopsies?  I'm afraid they'll want me to do this.  Can't we just monitor it for growth?  I'm scared this will turn into a thyroid removal surgery, and that my fever will still remain in the mean time...
Hi,Too many health issues to list...
Hello,Lori
for the past  few months I have been experiencing EXTREME fatigue. I can barely function. I have had brain fog for a long time as well as my period changing over the past few years. Im also cold all the time and have gained weight. I figured I was in premenopause so I went to the dr and she mentioned my thyroid. she ordered labs - cbc with diff, fsh, lh, tsh, and glucose. all bloodwork came back normal. she also ordered a thyroid u/s, pelvic u/s and a sleep study. i then looked into thyroid and have become convinced that's my issue. everyone I have spoken too has said I need more bloodwork done - like free t3, free t4, tpo etc. I called the dr back and she agreed to the t4 ( I think that was it but it was only one of them) - I don't understand why she refuses to do more bloodwork. my friend also went to the dr for same stuff and shes having all that checked plus estrogen, progesterone, testosterone, cortisol. anyway I had my ultrasounds yesterday and have been a mess since. as the tech checked my thyroid I saw her measure several dark circles which I am assuming are nodules? Id say at least 3 or 4. does that mean I definitely have a thyroid problem? someone told me if I have nodules then I definitely has hashimotos disease. is that true? my appt with this dr is tomorrow and I want to make sure I ask her everything. I just want to know whats going on! its been a month since I first saw her and im seriously losing it. my anxiety is through the roof and my fatigue is getting worse. I just want to feel better. I am also super worried about my pelvic u/s too. I even had spotting during the u/s before she even did the wand! I feel like that's a bad sign. btw I am 42, mom of 2 and a 30 yr sufferer of health anxiety so im not handling all this real well. thanks for any advice.
Hi!  I’m new here. A friend recommended that I come here because y’all are “a wealth of knowledge.”  I’m hoping you can help me understand my labs.  The last several labs I’ve had done show that my TSH seems to fluctuate but my free T4 and free T3 are staying pretty steady (in the normal range). Is this something to be concerned aboutI just want to feel like me again. I would love to hear what y’all have to say.  Any advice is much appreciated!
So my ultrasound showed I have 6 nodules. 4 on the right and 2 on my left. 5 are fairly small and the dr said not worrisome and just need a follow up u/s in a year. but the 6th is 1.8 cm and I was referred to an endo for a biopsy. I just don't understand as my TSH and T4 are normal. I have severe anxiety so im trying not to worry too much but I cant help it. for months ive felt tired, with weight gain, cold, etc and I feel like im hypo but by labs were normal. yet I have 6 nodules! that seems like so many! I just want to talk to others who have gone through all this.
Hi ppl it's hard for me visit a doctor my appointment month ahead well what can I do if I have l-thyroxine my tsh is somewhat high 13.90 when normal is no more than 4, and t4 + t3 is normal.TIA
hi all i have all the symptoms of overactive thyroid but normal tests i dont understand i dont have diarreah any more but so many symptoms its hard
hi, im looking for a new thyroid doctor that treats hashimotos. a doctor that treats with natural thyroid
Hello, I am new to this forum!  So I'll jump right in. 
My doc ran full thyroid and hormone tests- these are my results:I am a 46 year old female. These are all within normal ranges for lab ranges but I know enough to know that lab normal doesn't mean ideal. Anyone with expertise in this area? My follow up appt. isn't for another month.
Hi everyone,I think I was over medicated and my dr suggested I drop my thyroid dose. I’ve been getting hot flashes and wonder if anyone can lend any insight?
Hi all,Thank you.
Based on my latest bloodwork, my dr has recommended that I cease taking my thyroid meds (I was already on a tiny dose.) What are the withdrawal symptoms like? I keep getting hot/cold flashes. Please tell me this is normal and when side effects stop? I stopped taking these about 3 days ago.
Hey everyone,Looking for stories of being over medicated and cutting back or withdrawing your dose. What are typical withdrawal symptoms and how long do these last? I feel miserable, and I cut back slowly.
Just diagnosed with Hashimoto's   thyroiditis  so much to learn. Curious what changes in diets most of you made. I figured out back in December I was Gluten sensitive which seems pretty common for HT. Didn't seem to have a dairy or an egg sensitivity during re entry after the Whole30.  But still trying to figure out the eating part.Lexi
Here's the issue; I know that symptoms may be all over the place for different people but I'm getting extremely frustrated and would like to know that I'm not totally crazy.I'm frustrated and angry.  My PCP and Endocrinologist keep reminding me that surgery is an option.  However, they firmly believe that my symptoms cannot be thyroid related as my blood tests are normal.  Am I crazy to want answers before having surgery?
Hi guys! After a nearly year-long process of being turned away by doctors who dismissed my symptoms as just stress or hormones, I finally got a diagnosis last week of Lyme disease and have been on doxycycline the past 6 days. However, both my primary care doctor and my endocrinologist don't believe all my symptoms are related to Lyme. ion? Am I obsessing over this too much? Getting the Lyme diagnosis was a relief, but I still feel like something is wrong, and I feel essentially abandoned by all my doctors here who keep taking a &quot;wait and see&quot; approach and telling me to just recheck the numbers in a couple months. With how I'm feeling, I don't see how I can wait that long, so any advice/recommendations are very much appreciated!
HelloThanks
I have removed the link you posted here. When you click through the link it is an advertisement for a supplement. Please refrain from posting links like this, as it is clearly against Rule #4 here at Healing Well.
this is my first posting, so please bear with me.&nbsp; I had my first flare 5/06, lasted couple of days, didn't see doc, thought it was hemorrhoids.&nbsp; Next flare, 10/06, lasted 2 wks. Family doc sent me to gastro, by that time the bleeding &amp; mucus had stopped so when I had colonoscopy 11/06, gastro only saw small area that looked healed in rectum.&nbsp; He said I had proctitus.&nbsp; Then, 1/07, big new flare.&nbsp; Gastro put me on cortiform (enema) for 6/wks w/ no results.&nbsp; Next&nbsp; 25mg hydrocortisone acetate (hemorrhoid suppositories) 4/wks w/ no results.&nbsp; Tried Prednisone for about
Pj's welcome to HealingWell. If we have to have this DD, at least we can find support here. It sounds like you're getting a double whammy of auto-immune diseases. Often if you have one of them, another will show up at some point. 
Judy, thanks for taking the time to give me a little peace of mind.&nbsp; It brought tears to my eyes just knowing someone would take the time to&nbsp;share their personal experience and and let me know I'm not alone in this experience.&nbsp; thanx!!
Pj's that's the reason for this board. We're here to share and support.
I'd recommend you add Natren's Bifido Factor to the acidophilus you're currently taking. Acidophilus concentrates more on upper GI, bifidus on the colon.
In mid-December, I started experiencing pain in my lower back, which then localized in my left side in early January. After several doctors visits and tests, I was diagnosed with colitis in early February. Despite being on Asacol since then and flagyl for the last two weeks, I am still swollen and experiencing discomfort on my left side from under my rib cage to the bone of my butt cheek. 
Thanks for the suggestion Judy - I'm going to try it out tonight. I've had the pain on my left side consistently since January - in both the front and back, with the swelling and minimal to no relief. Does this feeling ever go away completely?
Hello all!  I'm new to this forum.  I was diagnosed with micro-UC in 2003.  My flare ups are probably not nearly as bad as what most of you folks experience.  I have a GI and have been on sulfasalazine for roughly two years, but have been incredibly bad about-Dan
I have been on Lialda for about
l have been on 3 Lialda a day since summer of 2006, I thought for a very long time that it was the best thing ever happened. So few pills, so little medicine to think of and remember. but suddenly the late fall 2008, sever chest muscle pain, shoulder pain, elbows and hands constantly hurting. i felt destroyed. not only do I have the UC but now it was like my body hated me in every way. i could not even lift a tetra of juice or milk out of the refrigerator. very well, when i finally told my doctor that this was going on, he told me this is a side effect of Lialda. after 3 days on replacement medicine, I'm like new again. happy happy happy pain free!Sulfasalazine 3 tabs x 2 day, D-vitamin, calcium
I am normally a positive person, but ever since I was diagnosed this labor day, I have become someone don't want to be- negative and depressed.&nbsp; I can't help it... After I got done taking Flagyl for a supposed c diff infection, I still have my&nbsp;symptoms. These past few days, whether it's because I have my period or not, have been worse.&nbsp; I finally called the doctor and he didnt seem concerned (of course- he's not the one suffering!).&nbsp; He mumbled something about irritable bowel.&nbsp; Um, how the heck could I have irritable bowel when I hardly eat?!! I am so fed up with pretty much everyone.&nbsp; I've been purposely ignoring the girls who I live with in my dorm because I just want to be alone and I"m sure they don't want to be bothered with my problems either.&nbsp; My mom gets aggrivated when I complain of my symptoms&nbsp; (back or stomach-- right now I have an ovarian cyst)...&nbsp; I mean, she just thinks its so easy to be stress free with the blink of an eye.&nbsp; It's like she wants me to lie to her and tell her that I feel awesome every day.&nbsp;I just feel like cutting off contact with everyone.

Yes the disease itself is depressing. Personally i never felt any better talking to anyone.  I am more of the type that likes to address the problem.  The problem was the pain,bleeding and the PITA it was to get medical help, how are you supposed to not be depressed when that is going on?! Anyways i felt i hit rock bottom 2 months back, i called and made an appointment for depression, anxiety,and anger. Hitting rock bottom also forced me to be more proactive and change my diet and start a heavy dose of probiotic treatment.  A few weeks later things just started to vastly improve along with my attitude.  I fell into remission, never felt better and called and cancelled the appointment.26y old male medically disharged USAF veteran.Diagnosed with UC (lower proctitis) in 2004.

I am so sorry you aren't doing well. I had c diff earlier this year. It really sucks.  I was on a really, really high dose of Flagyl.  You mentioned the &quot;supposed&quot; c diff infection.  Was it confirmed by a stool sample?  Mine was confirmed by flex sig (ouch) and a stool sample taken from that procedure.  If you are not better please talk to your doctor until you feel like you have an answer or think aboutJen
True, blood does not occur with IBS (with the exception of a bleeding hemheroid), and yes, during period time, everything both physically and emotionally is harder.
(((((((((((((((big hug sweetie)))))))))))))))) This is really hard and discouraging at times. I am sorry the doctors are not validating you and helping you.  have you tried probiotics? Periods do bring on symptoms more for some reason. You are going to be OK.  One day you will look back at this season and see how you got through it.

I haven't had my flu shot yet this year, but it has&nbsp;never made me flare in the past.
flu shot has never made me flare.  getting mine @ work on Nov 7th.Beth, 33 ~ hoping to taper pred successfully, wish me luck!
Never, and it shouldn't. Mine is scheduled, wouldn't do without it because the flu will cause flaring!!
I got my flu shot about
My boss actually just gave me a flu shot about
I get one every year; just got this year's two weeks ago. It doesn't cause any problems for me.
Great news!  Thanks everyone!
I was wondering if I should get a flu shot? I've only had them once or twice before. If I need to go on pred or remi, I was thinking it'd make sense to get some protection from flu. Does this make sense (medically)?
I've been getting the flu shot religiously the last few years. I did some research on the safety of the shingles shot for my elderly mother and my aunt and uncle and was surprised to see the risks and dangers involved. That got me to wondering if there were the same issues with the flu shot. I get Dr. Mercola's newsletter and he just ran an article on that very thing. After reading it and doing further research, I've decided not to get the shot this year. For anyone who's interested, here are some links:
Can you get the flu shot if you are on Humira?  I have heard NO, but then heard others say it's ok??

Got mine a couple weeks ago and I was fine. 
Just realize that getting a flu shot is like flipping a coin whether its even gonna protect you.   Then flipping the coin again on whether or not you would have even got the flu to start with.  If you understand all that, know what you are injecting into your body and ok with that too, then go for it!  Glad I don't live in NJ, I would go to jail before I let them stick that crap in my baby.


A thought for anyone taking prednisone.  I quote directly from my patient information form:Brandon
Bottom&nbsp; line is - the decision is ours and we should discuss it with out doctors.
I don't think anyone has reported that their doctor advised against it...
It seems like the CDC uses scare tactics trying to get people to get a flu shot a lot more than anyone on this site is using them...
When I discussed the flu shot with my Gastro and the concerns I had with being on prednisone....his response was....Newly diagnosed August 2008 
I was wondering about
For the past couple of months I have been having painful bloating.&nbsp; It looks like I am pregnant.. I'm not.&nbsp; Anyway, I can't suck it in because it hurts so badly and it also hurts to press on the lower "colon" area.&nbsp; Is this just very painful gas and cramping?&nbsp; It hurts so bad I have to take vicodin!&nbsp;&nbsp;My stomach will get very distended and painful and then sort of go away some and then come back the same way.&nbsp; I'm tired of looking fat.. not to mention sick of the pain!!&nbsp;Does this happen to anyone else?&nbsp; What do you do for it?&nbsp; Thanks!
Large amounts of probiotics, digestive enzymes and a better diet eliminated my gas and bloating. I know how u feel. I continue with the probiotics, digestive enzymes and diet still.26y old male. Diagnosed with UC (lower proctitis) in 2004.
Cara, I have painful bloating as well.  I do take my acidophlis probiotic daily as well as psyillum husks and multi enzyme and the other stuff listed.  However, I find it happens most to me when I am stressed.  For example, tuesday night when I broke down on the interstate, my stomach immediately started cramping, rumbling, and rolling and the bloating started and I thought omg is this going to stop!  And I too look like I'm pregnant, but at 51 I better not be!  LOL  Being a Grandmother is the best!  
Ugh, that's the worst feeling. I try to take gas-x when I feel it coming on, but I'm sure that doesn't reach the gut. The probiotics made it worse at first, but now I'm lots less grumbly and bloated.
I've got the same problem right now.. I feel really bloated and I too can't suck in my stomach, and it hurts all the way through to my back. Definitely not fun :( I feel like if I was just able to go to the bathroom it'd be better, but I've gone at least 10 times since I woke up and it still hurts.
I agree with Mike. Bloating and gas are a function of poor digestion, food sensitivities and an overgrowth of bad gut flora. Check out Elson Haas' book The False Fat Diet to learn more about
princesa, don't forget that stress can exacerbate IBS...and those with IBD and IBS can suffer regardless of what they eat.  
Has anyone ever tried hulless popcorn? I really like popcorn and I miss eating eat since being diagnosed with colitis.  Usually I end up feeling pretty bad after I eat it, so I've stopped eating it.  I read online about hulless popcorn.  I was wondering if any of you had any symptoms or problems when you tried it.
Popcorn can be hard on UC. I have tried the hulless and it seems to be ok, I only eat it if I'm in remission, though. Just not worth risking the pain otherwise... but I do love popcorn!!
The boo is that my baby (8 month old son) has had a tummy bug since Friday.&nbsp; So far, mostly just diarrhea and little vomiting, which is easier to manage, but I still feel so bad for the little guy.&nbsp; He's been in an amazingly good mood, though!&nbsp; For solids, we're just giving him yogurt (thank goodness he likes it) for the probiotics.&nbsp; We tried some soy formula last night in place of his regular formula, but he seems to be sensitive to it as he vomited after taking it and then had a really tough night.&nbsp; He's held down a mix of formula and pedialyte today just fine.&nbsp; Luckily, I seem to be escaping it, and am keeping my fingers crossed that much luck holds.
Goodluck. You just reminded me, time for afternoon dose! 
Hey all,
Microscopic colitis is not visable when doing a scope and generally little/no bleeding.
My bleeding stopped a few weeks ago but I am still going to the bathroom 15 times a day and have diarrhea and urgency. But I have had a lot of bleeding in the past
Just because you don't see blood does not mean there isn't any.   You can always do a fecal occult blood test if you really wanna know if there is blood there.
My doctor was SURE that I have UC, and I only had bleeding at the very height of my flare.  I didn't have any at first, and then once I started Asacol the bleeding pretty much quit within a week.  So, yes, you can have UC and not have any bleeding.
I am 62 years old and was diagnosed with U/C&nbsp; 6years ago, I was in remission from 2006 until&nbsp; Jan 2009,&nbsp;for the last 7 months I have had constant Diarreah (cant spell that word) without any blood. My bathroom visits vary from 3-10 times a day. I do not get many cramps but have lost about 30lbs since Jan 2009.
I had diarrhea for six weeks and had no bleeding.  The bleeding came later.  It's hard to predict the symptoms of a flare.

I'd consider using a quick course of pred to get into remission, and I'd definitely take a probiotic.  I'd also start some rectal meds (I think they help me a lot, even though I have pancolitis like you do).  I used them every night until I'd been in remission for a few weeks, then tapered to every other night, then to twice weekly.  I think I'll stay at twice weekly indefinitely.
I had lots of blood with my initial flare 9 years ago. Since then I rarely bleed. I grilled my GI the last time I saw him b/c I was paranoid about
I flared for over a year and never saw blood. Even in the poo testing there was not sign of blood. My GI is sure I have UC. I didn't have any of the DNA markers for Crohn's and my colonscopies looked like UC. My body never shows the right symptoms for most illnesses anyways. The way I think about
many times i have all the symptoms except the bleeding part.... sometimes we do bleed but not enough to be visible to eye.  But if you have doubts do take a second opinion.
Has anyone read aboutdiagnosed 1/09 with "diverticular colitis" ?? location, sigmoid colon
SSRI's give me diarrhea. I've had much better luck with Effexor XR.
I had Colitis before my anxiety came but the Lexapro did aggitate my GI symptoms for the first few weeks. It was basically D and pain. Any changes in dosage of my antidepressant will cause GI issues.
I know this thread is really old, but I'm going to my GP this week to ask for antidepressants and I'm researching the different types. I was thinking zoloft seemed like the best first option until I read the possible link with colitis. I'm also scared of sexual side effects so I'm thinking maybe wellbutrin would be a good option. Anyone care to share which they have had success with?
Amy - so your sex drive went back to normal after stopping the zoloft? I'm scared because I've read some stuff aboutAsacol, 6 tabs, 2xday; Rowasa every other night; multivitamin; Ortho Tri-Cyclen
I was on Zoloft when my D started, but figured it was just a side effect. A little over two and a half years later, I was diagnosed with the UC. I have found out since that there's a possibility the Zoloft caused the UC, but as I have no real proof, I haven't taken it anywhere.Starting Rowasa Enemas, again, June '11
It is all over the website!&nbsp;
It's just a HW glitch but it doesn't cause many issues.  It usually gets fixed fairly quickly.
It's just a little computer gremlin, happens frequently. It doesn't cause any problems that I've seen. I'm thinking since it always invloves the date, the database has forgotten what day it is, maybe?
I have a hemorrhoid with thrombosis. Yesterday it seemed to burst. There was blood/blood clots and obviously is really painful. I was seen at Mayo last week and they had talked about
I had a thrombosed hemorrhoid about

&quot;I had a thrombosed hemorrhoid burst about
Definitely recommend Analpram. Shrinks them....
I used to get very large external thrombossed hemorrhoids. I've always gone to my general surgeon and he's lanced them for me. Just a little cut and he squeezes the clot out (after numbing of course). That was the only way I was able to get relief as any OTC / Prescript______________________________________
Hi all to appear. Don't be scared to put creams inside, and if you feel like you need to go nr 2, Just go, don't wait for it. If it feels like you need to go nr 2 but you can't, or is too difficult and you need to push too much. Do an enema with water, carefully. It helps substantially and keeps your colon clean, which is crucial to maintain those bulged blood vessels away from your life.
I was wondering if any experiences mouth sores with ulcerative colitis.&nbsp; I get sores in my mouth and cold sores on my lips and my mouth feels very acidic.&nbsp; It seems to be damaging the enamel on my teeth.&nbsp; If anyone does have this problem, have they found anything that helps to diminsh the problem?&nbsp; I do take Lysine for the colds sores, but it doesn't seem to help much.
I get canker sores. Not as often as when I was a kid though. My mom told me the first time I had canker sores I had 30 in my mouth at one time (thankfully I don't remember it). I've used Kanka on them. It numbs it so it doesn't hurt as bad.
I take Valtrex for cold sores. If you start taking it when you first feel that tingle on your lip then it goes away quicker or even stops it before it gets to a sore. I take two a day few a few days during those times.
Entocort gives me an inflamed tongue..
i found a toothpaste with tea tree oil and neem in it with none of that SLS or flouride extras ... it was only about $6 at a whole foods store and it has been quite helpful.
My mother drinks orange juice and the next day she has a canker sore. It will also cause a cold sore breakout for both of us. One of my daughter's was getting canker sores after we were give her a lot of fresh pinnapple in her lunch. Look to what you're eating as the cause. I got them all the time and tried switching toothpastes and using salt water or baking soda rinses, helped a little but still got them. Years ago I eliminated certain fruits and haven't had one since.
You should get this checked out by a doctor.  If you are taking any drug that makes lowers your immune system, which most of us are, it is very common to get fungal infections in the mouth and throat.  It is easily treated but can actually be serious is left untreated.  A doctor can easily tell if it is candidiasis which is also known as thrush.  Prednisone is the worst, in this sense, since it not only lowers your immune response but increased your blood sugar which fungas love.
This thread is intended to house articles and resources for UC and IBD in general. The resources posts include: 
Well, my son found out yesterday he has Mono.&nbsp; I was relieved to finally have a reason for his temperature and headaches, but now I am concerned aboutUC Mom
Hi...nice to have a diagnosis, sucks that it's mono. quincy
I had Mono at 17 so I can feel his pain! Ugh! Horrible....I hope he feels better soon and remind him to TAKE IT EASY so he doesn't injure his spleen.
Thanks Sherry.  Thank goodness he gave up lacrosse with college.......UC Mom
I've had mono. You sleep all night, eat a good breakfast and before you can finish getting ready for work you're already exhausted. It caused a flared for me so I got the syptoms of the flare confused with mono; I didn't realize I had mono until much later than someone without UC might have suspected it. I was hosptialized for a week, recovered and felt much better. But there was about
I believe knowing the problem is half the battle.  He is taking vitamins and lots of vitamin C.  Tons of electrolyte bevs, and is really doing okay.  The fever is the down side.  Thanks, and happy holidays/Christmas:)UC Mom
GET OFF THE 6-MP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You're absolutely welcome! It was a mess and if I can spare you, I'm more than willing! :) All I remember is sitting in the hospital and the infectious disease doctor coming in and going &quot;WHAT IS SHE DOING ON AN IMMUNE SUPPRESSANT!?&quot; And then in all clicked. I couldn't fight the infection without a strong immune system.
I don't think it necessarily made me more susceptible to it just harder for me to get over the infection.
I am sure everyone reacts differently.  He just told me he feels a little better today, so he is going to continue vitamins and lots of vitamin C.  He ate more last night than in the past week, so maybe he won't get completely knocked out.  thanks again for all of the posts:)UC Mom
Looks like your son, callalily, and I all got diagnosed at about in 2005 at age 15 
Merry Christmas! Jack is not doing great, but he is not doing any worse either. He is not taking Tylenol anymore, and his fever is in the 100 range. Thanks for all of the posts, and hopefully, he will get better every day:)UC Mom

Hope he's doing better today. Nothing worse than being sick over Christmas. 
Way too early for him to be out and about
Sherry, I plan to call his GI on Monday, but is it your opinion that he should cut back on the 6MP?  That is the piece of the puzzle that concerns me the most. I would hate for him to flare on top of this:( UC Mom
Definately call the GI.  I can not say one way or another that 6mp may be affecting him and the mono.  When I was 17 I didn't have Uc nor was on immune suppressing medication.
Gotcha.  I will call on Monday:)UC Mom
Well, Jackson has his appetite back, and I think that is a good sign he is getting better.  He ate a decent dinner last night, and then after we had gone to bed, made himself chicken nachos!!!  I was very happy to see that mess in the sink when I got up this morning. Does anyone who had mono remember if being hungry meant you were feeling better???UC Mom
It's good that he is eating again.  I can't really remember because it was so long ago, but I don't think I loss my apetite when I had it.  But at least he is moving around which a step in the right direction! :)
So what DID you do then when you were flaring?
I took one course of Pred and will never take it again. Fortunately I respond relatively well to 5 ASA, so I bombard myself with those from all directions to control flares
I hope and pray I don' t need prednisone again but if I do - yes, I would take it course of it!&nbsp; 

I've vowed NEVER to take it again unless I'm in the hospital and dying. 
Been on Prednisone for over 3 months and can't wait to get off it!  I can't sleep and it makes me moody.  However, it has got things under control so the good outweighs the bad considering the extreme pain I was in before I got on it.  Starting Azathioprine soon, I hope it works.  Anyone had any luck with Azathioprine?
Been on it 3 different times,back in 1985 and 86 i was in very bad flares,the prednisone did away with the flare each time.I was in my twenties so i feel whatever side effects there might have been they didn't bother me that much.I've been on pred since last summer,started at 40mg,cut to 30mg.20mg,10 mg,7.5mg,5mg,now at 2.5.If the flare is a bad one then i'd take the pred again,the only side effect was the fatigue-so i switched from taking in the morning to taking at night[much better].I'M also on 6mp so the fatigue could of come from that&nbsp;
I will. But when I was on it I responded well, didn't have too much problem with side effects (just a little bit of moonface), and tapered off easily. I was only on it for a month an a half as well. I will never allow myself to be on it any longer than 4 months, though, and I won't allow myself to be on it repeatedly.
My doc had me taper way too fast. When I got to 20 on the third round of a taper. I dropped by 2.5 a week. I swear I'll never take that stuff again... The psychosis was scary and lasted well beyond my last dose after 4 months.
Just got off it after 8 months (this time) - and I got of it because I got the surgery.  For me best decision.UC no more!!!
The moon face and fatigue were awful.  Entocort enemas at the first sign of flare seem to be doing the trick along with the Asacol.
Currently am on Pred. at two 10mg a day tapering down, I DO NOT LIKE PRED. affects to many qualities of life for it to be beneficial for me. Do not want to go on it again, will probably vow to never use it again after this.
Hey everyone! For the past couple of weeks I have had REAL achy lower back pain but only on my right side.. It comes and goes throughout the day and starts like an achy feeling and gets progressively worse throughout the day.. The longer I sit the worse it gets. It's gotten to the point where I can't hold my 1 year for too long without being in bad pain. I have to get up and stretch at work about
I've had pains like that forever, since I was a kid and long before UC.  I'd say it's more of a mechanical issue...holding a one year old can exacerbate it. quincy
I have been told by my GI that lower back pain can be caused by inflamation of the colon....I suffer from it off and on and have very similar symptoms as you...it gets worse the longer I sit. The other day I could barely walk it was so bad and painful but the next day it was virtually gone.
But that's the thing... I hardly hold him because I work 40 hour shifts at work. So when I come home I give him hugs and kisses and sit with him but I dont carry him much since the pain started. The pain where it hurts is around my right kidney area, that's why I was wondering if that could be it ??
I also worried at first that the back pains were my kidneys, but tests showed no problems. It was joints causing muscles to react, deep in where massage couldn't reach! Physical therapy helped a lot.
I used to have similar pains, it was unbearable! (Intense sharp pain, lower right side - in the afternoons) It might be the combinations of meds youre taking. I WAS taking Salofalk and Iron pills when i had this pain. different brands of meds ahve different side effects. I told my doc, and he switched me to mezavant, and now no more pain! :)
Frome my understanding unless it's a UTI, most kidney diseases don't cause pain unless it's highly advanced.  To me, it also sounds like it's either muscle or spine/hip related.  You can try using ice packs to help ease the pain.  10 minutes on, 10 minutes off several times a day.  And it's perfectly ok to take Tylonel before a colonscopy - of course you can't take it the day of the scope though.
I havent had the pain for about
I concur, ICE helps a lot. Not heat...I made that mistake for a while before I figured it out.
Lower right back pain can be resulted from various reasons 
im a 19 year old male and i have to go to the bathroom like every 10 min but when i do very little comes out, this has bee going on for the past few days. when i wipe the stool looks liquidy, no blood. help , if u guys need any more info just ask.
I had the same experience ArandomGuy.I tried probiotics and it was sorted out.I poop normal now.I think you may have to rich your flora with positive bakteria.
Good afternoon.  I had to join this community to send a word of thanks but I could not let this go unnoticed.  Having spent a night walking the floor in pain and contemplating an emergency room visit, I again Googled my symptoms and came upon this website.  I have had IBS for over 25 years; this most recent attack began two weeks ago but nothing like what I'm experiencing now.  Then I read the post from &quot;CanJust wanted to share and say &quot;thank you&quot; again for your post.  I am grateful this community exists and you shared your experiences.

Pepto bismol would be useless on UC, frankly.Food sensitivity test by Naturopath showed wheat/gluten, other intolerances, helped some. Remicade started April 2009 (Humira denied) and doing great~ learning what normal is~ wow
Get some Konsyl from the ole Walmart or wherever (it's a specific bulking fiber.  I tried others with no success).  The trick to using it is just pour some water in bottom of a coffe cup, about enough to do two big gulps.  Add a palm full of the Konsyl, mix it just a little and immediately gulp it.  Yes, it sucks, but it's better than liquid poo.  Knowing the alternative has given me plenty of motivation to continue using it consistently.   Been doing that 2-3 times a day and it has formed things up much better.  If I skip a day I notice.    Don't let the stuff sit or it will suck up the water and be impossible to get down, lol.  Do a can of spinach a day, and throw in a few immodium in the morning.
For the past 4 weeks or so I have noticed that during each week I will have one bowel movement in which the toilet water will be a&nbsp;very dark blackish/purplish/redish colour.&nbsp;The stool that I poop out will&nbsp;sometimes be formed (but disintegrate&nbsp;once in the water) or will come out&nbsp;mushy. When looking at the formed stool that is in the dark water, it is&nbsp;a normal brown colour with no white mucus around it.&nbsp;After wiping myself,&nbsp;there will be no red blood on the toilet paper, just the normal thing I usually see.
Max(9)Balsalazide+(6)Citrucel daily+Rowasa as needed
I am trying to find a sweetener that is colitis safe for my Dad with UC. I was giving him Truvia get his VSL3 down but found out that an ingredient in it (Erythritol) can have a lot of bad gastro side effects which I think my Dad was having.  I know he is very sensitive to high fructose corn syrup which will cause his UC to flare. Is pure Stevia safe? What about Pedialyte? Gatorade so he doesn't get dehydrated?
sugarMy doc's logic.. &quot;TREAT (FROM)BOTH ENDS&quot; worth it !!!
I agree Fruitgirl but isn't the lure of Stevia that it's low or no calories? I don't know much about
Most of these alternatives are worse than the real thing itself. For example: They say margarine is worse than regular butter. Since margarine has more chemical additives in it, it takes the body longer to break it down than regular butter. My thought process is, stick to the real thing but limit the intake as much as possible.
Anyone know of any real differences between Colazal and Lialda?ion for Lialda, which apparently is only 2 pills once a day.&nbsp; His comment to me was that these were the "exact same medications".
I take Lialda, after having been on Asacol. I actually take 4 Lialda a day, at one time. They have worked for me and with the prescriptF/50; Present: Lialda 4.8 gm a day; l-glutamine; Boswellia/Curcumin; Calcium; Vitamin D 50,000 unit once a week; Diagnosed UP 1993; Diagnosed UC 8/08; Diagnosed Osteoporosis 12/09; Past: Remicade-Asacol-Rowasa-Anucort-Canasa-Prednisone
Hey everyone, I'm trying to help a friend out here.  He is currently using Asacol, but was dropped from his parents insurance.  He had finally found a drug that helped him live a normal lifestyle but will be unable to afford it at full cost.  Searching around, it seems that Asacol had assistance programs when Proctor and Gamble manufactured it but I have been unable to find a program since Warner Chilcott bought the drug.  I was wondering if anyone had any experience with them or if I just missed a program online.Thanks in advance for any help!
I have an Asacol HD savings card and it makes your maximum payment just $50. It doesn't take $50 off the price...you only pay $50.Asacol, 4 tabs, 3xday; Rowasa once or twice weekly; multivitamin; Ortho Tri-Cyclen
funfetti - No, I haven't tried it yet. I read about others running into that problem as well. That totally sucks. However, my insurance from my new job kicked in Jan. 31 so it's no longer an issue for me, except possibly for 1 month since I don't have my insurance card yet and I need a refill in a few days.
Thanks, GracieGirl! That's good to know that I can still use it! I did not know that. I may stay on regular Asacol now that I have insurance. That is what I have been on since diagnosis and it works well for me. I was only going to switch because of the assistance program with Asacol HD. I know it's basically the same drug, but I want to stick with what I know works!Asacol, 4 tabs, 3xday; Rowasa once or twice weekly; multivitamin; Ortho Tri-Cyclen
For those of you who have had to deal with a low RBC count due to iron-deficient anemia, how long did it take for your RBC count to go up after starting oral supplements and what dosage did you take? Current meds: 4000 mg Asacol HD, 50 mg 6MP, 30 mg prednisone...and tapering!, 10 mg lorazepam, 10 mg Ambien, 1 packet VSL-3, 1 Align, 1 multivitamin daily
Thank you all for your helpful posts. I was kind of freaked out by the idea of infusions because new things equate to high anxiety for me still, but now that I've had some time to process this, I think it could be a good thing. All of my other bloodwork is back to normal, so we just need to get those RBCs going and the sooner the better! I'm going to call my doctor tomorrow, so hopefully within the next week or so, we can figure out what the next step is.Current meds: 4000 mg Asacol HD, 50 mg 6MP, 30 mg prednisone...and tapering!, 10 mg lorazepam, 10 mg Ambien, 1 packet VSL-3, 1 Align, 1 multivitamin daily
I have extreme urgency right now, and have for months.. which is making me crazy. I feel horrible whenever I'm in a car, or anywhere I don't know (what if I don't find a bathroom in time? what if it's busy?) and that means I hardly do anything anymore.. I wouldn't be surprised if I become depressed soon.
I have all the same fears and hate this urgency.  I was just out walking my dog and as soon as I get so far from home it hits me.  I just barely made it home.  I am so tired of walking two blocks up and two blocks over but I am afraid to go far.   I am using every rectal med under the sun and not much improvement.   I hate this!!!Humira and Remicade (discontinued), Asacol, Immodium,  Rowasa, Canasa, Proctofoam, LDN, Calcium,  Vit D, Folgard. VSL#3.
 The only thing is it's best to be standing if your bowel let loose this way it fall nicely in the middle where it can be retained until you get to the bathroom. 
I had urgency issues for years ( I got UC at age 15 and I am now 65).  I am mostly in remission these days.  But in my 20s it was a constant issue and fear, especially since I was a classroom teacher.  I used Imodium a lot.  Though I RARELY use it now, I always have it with me.open heart surgery in 2005 for removal of aortic root aneurysm
 
 Prostaglandin E2: One of the prostaglandins, a group of hormone-like substances that participate in a wide range of body functions such as the contraction and relaxation of smooth muscle, the dilation and constriction of blood vessels, control of blood pressure, and modulation of inflammation. Prostaglandin E2 (PGE-2) is released by blood vessel walls in response to infection or inflammation that acts on the brain to induce fever. The enzyme mPGES-1 is involved in the production of PGE2 and is an important &quot;switch&quot; for activating the fever response.
I am taking 125mg per day, 25 in one pill and 100 in a B-complex.  Liver numbers have been fine, will be getting more on Friday.
My daughter is a Doctor and she recently attended a conference where they presented good evidence for supplementing with Selenium , 200 mcg, for autoimmune diseases.  It is also good for depression.  They were told that most people ,if tested, would be deficient in selenium.  I am going to try it.  She said 200 mcg is a small dose and would present no problems and no side effects in most people.
What could make my rectum feel like it's on fire and burning?
Sometimes when I eat something that doesn't agree with me, my stool turns a bit acidic and it burns coming out, but than again, it doesn't help having hemmies when that happens either! lolColazal(9 daily)/6mp(50mgs), Remicade/Bentyl-Prilosec~allergies-Singulair/Zyrtec~Reynauds~OA-Tylonel Arthritis~Scoliosis~Sacroilitis~Dry eye-Restasis~GAD-Klonopin (.25mgs)~Rosacea~IBS~Diverticulosis~Fibromyalgia
Interesting. I'm glad you were able to get into the doctor and that you found a great new GP as an added bonus! That is always a good feeling.Asacol, 6 tabs, 2xday; Rowasa once a week; Ortho Tri-Cyclen; Wellbutrin
No, I never did anything. I'm not sure if it's the same as yours though or as bad, but I do get irritation there sometimes for seemingly no reason and I think it would hurt when I would urinate, like you said.Asacol, 6 tabs, 2xday; Rowasa once a week; Ortho Tri-Cyclen; Wellbutrin
,
,
,
Curcumin is a great blood thinner, not a clot buster but a great thinner.  I take it every day.
I just got my bloodwork done for my Imuran and joy my mom took extra (she works in the lab) since I haven't been feeling well, I have a cold, and she said my potassium was extremely low.&nbsp; Sent it over to my normal dr and he wants me to start on some potassium supplements.&nbsp; Of course I didn't talk to anybody while this was happening and my first and only question is .. are these pills going to effect my prednisone taper?&nbsp; I'm at 5mgs from 40 this summer and I am refusing to put anything else in my body until I know.&nbsp; My doctor isn't actually in his office on wednesdays, he is just at the hospital or I'd call. It's on my list for 8am tomorrow.&nbsp; What can the defiency come from?&nbsp; The pred taper?Currently Lialda 4x, 1.2 mg, Pred 20 mg, Imuran 50 mg (9/11), multivitamin, b12, bcp
I just searched and there are a number of posts about) has numerous references to butyrate and ulcerative colitis.
Hello,
What is your theory? If its just bacteria you are talking about
Hey I love coffee, glad to hear your grains are flourishing &amp; that you're enjoying them! I agree with you, about UC'ers drinking kefir- there's no reason not to! For the original question... I can't bring myself to voluntarily do any kind of enema! 

i_love_coffeeThats exactly where i got my inspiration to think of this, it was through Dom's site.  So you are telling me that you have done the kefir grains enema and it worked for you?  did you do it for 10 days?
lialda and nightly rowasa are not an option for me
yes highly allergic, 5asa gave me the UC.  going abouti have tried hydrocort, didnt really work
Jimbo: I did not eat much,but had no gas issues today. I will let what I have sit another week and try again after it matures more.Old Mike
Ok trying to tie all this together.
You are on to some real stuff. JR's Brasco Broth
Thanks Mike, I couldn't access the study from the first link.  You do seem to find a lot of interesting, thought inducing stuff.  My brain has difficulty trying to interpret studies and also trying to keep all the info straight.I avoid gluten and dairy, I eat pastured meat and eggs; some produce; avoid processed food as much as possible; I use olive oil, coconut oil and butter; water kefir
Mike, I like the idea of GBF. The question is where to purchase??  I know beer is made with germinated barley (maybe a beer a day would help!!)
My GI prescribed MoviPrep for me this time.  The last time I had a scope (4+ years ago) I passed out from dehydration and had to be given IV fluids before the scope.  This time I have been drinking juice and water as much as my body can hold, and still I have this awful headache and I am not done drinking the darn prep., folic acid, vit. D (2K iu), flax seed oil (2 tsp/day), mesalamine enema as needed. Gluten free as of 5/30/11.
For my last prep, I drank a bottle of mag citrate. Then I could only get through aboutIn remission after a year long post partum flare.
Sorry to hear aboutGoal: keep inflammation down & try to balance gut flora.
LOL...never heard of a hormonal headache...bwahahaha! wow, I knew exactly when I was going to get my period the next day by the type of headache I had.    My doc's logic.. &quot;TREAT (FROM)BOTH ENDS&quot; worth it !!!
Whenever I eat more I poop more. Whenever I eat less I poop less. Does anyone know the procedure for applying for the Nobel prize? And, PLEASE, don't leak out my discovery until after I have already won the prize. ion - Glycopyrrolate; Natural - enteric peppermint oil, Inflaguard (Boswellia), Pepto Bismol, Omega 3 fish oil, Imodium, Beano, Lactaid, Zymactive
soystud/pb4...yes, and I mean them thar words too! My doc's logic.. &quot;TREAT (FROM)BOTH ENDS&quot; worth it !!!
As incompetent as pharmacies can be, it turns out I was the one who was mistaken on the price increase of VSL#3 Probiotic Capsules (60count). The pharmacist told me they have no control over that. Price was last changed Oct 27th, apparently they are $63 dollars now, instead of the usual $47.This is insane.... but I need these. Anyone else find this out yet? I'll be taking my picket signs to the VSL building ASAP lol
does anyone know what could be wrong with me? i submitted a stool sample to my gi yesterday morning, but heard nothing back all day so i guess i will have to struggle through the weekend. i have already missed three days of work & can't keep missing time like this.
In this small study, Qing Dai, an herb used in traditional Chinese medicine, was effective in significantly reducing UC. 6 of 7 patients were able to completely ween off anti-inflammatory medications (including pred. and AZA).Any thoughts?
If you know you will get worse while tapering the pred then I would go ahead and take the herb now. If you don't get worse during the taper then you have some kind of proof that it is at least doing something.Discontinued: Robinul; Natural - peppermint oil, Inflaguard (Boswellia), Pepto Bismol, Omega 3 fish oil, Imodium, Beano, Lactaid;Zymactive, Renew Life Probiotic 80 billion, Florastor, DGL, Monolaurin, slippery elm;black cherry concentrate
 thank you for your help.
what I really want to know is, how you say qing dai ?is qing like kwing or king ?: and is it dai like day ? or DIE ? or maybe doh ;-)
 I hope the same for you.
I JUST took only one (my BF is sitting with me now cuz I' have high anxiety starting something new)and see if I feel okay in a few hours, if okay after dinner I will take two.UC since '05, now in '15 Mayo Clinic say Chrons/colitis and DX with chronic Lyme's in '10. No biologics work. Now on Stelara and love it!!Took rafaximin for SIBO, worked awesome!
The medications normally prescribed for UC are dangerous.  They come with cancer warnings etc.  We have to have regular tests not just because of UC but because of the meds.  I've been referred to a Rheumatologist and a Cardiologist because of Remicade side effects.  I had a rapid tumor growth that had to be removed when I was on Imuran.  I've experienced weight gain, hair loss, panic attacks, and depression to name a few side effects.  I was in constant worry of infections from suppressing my immune system.  If I was willing to allow infusions in my body that gave me drug induced lupus and pericarditis then I am more than happy to try a natural herb with no side effects that has been the best thing I've tried yet!  It is awesome!

If you are over the bronchitis, Imuran shouldn't make you relapse. However, if you are not fully cured it's possible for an immune suppressor to make it stick around longer. BUT, both 6mp and Imuran can take weeks, months even to build up in your body and lower the immune system. So 2-3 weeks is not enough time for it to work for your UC. *, IBS, Diverticuliar Disease, Fibro, Sacroiilitis, Raynauds, OA, PA, Rosacea, Psoriasis, Dry Eye and allergies controlled by Zyrtec and Singular
Hi Lilypad321,
Imuran can take three months to really work, and in my case requires very carefully tweaked dosage levels.  You should not have stopped taking it.  It is not unusual to use something else, like Prednisone, to bridge the gap until the drug has time to work.Hydrocortisone enema
Hello, around 3 weeks ago I had a flexible sidmoidoscopy, and it was found that I have inflammation stretching around 2 inches of my bowl at the rectum. I have had some constipation and struggled to pass stools in the last few days, I was just wondering, is it safe to take Senna to give me a little relief from this constipation?
After 5 months of the same symptoms my flare is acting different... and its terrible.Current medications: Prednisone 30mg, balsalazide 3 750mg caps × 3x a day. Zoloft 200mg, Centrum Plus under 40 multi vitamin. FloraJen and another probiotic. B vitamin complex, ginger root, Curcumin 4g
This article spun my head around, literally!
Ok. So let's assume that we have a permeability problem in our guts causing Leaky Gut and an autoimmune response to this leakage into our bloodstream, causing our UC. Does this apply to Proctitis? Is Proctitus located in an area where we could have an autoimmune response to a Leaky Gut? Many times UC starts lower down in the Proctitus area and spreads upward. If the answer to this question is no, you basically can't have much of a Leaky Gut in this area, then maybe that's not what is happening in the higher up areas either. Just curious what other people's take on this is.Discontinued: Robinul; Natural - peppermint oil, Inflaguard (Boswellia), Pepto Bismol, Omega 3 fish oil, Imodium, Beano, Lactaid;Zymactive, Renew Life Probiotic 80 billion, Florastor, DGL, Monolaurin, slippery elm;black cherry concentrate;CCHerbal
Yesterday I went in for a pelvic and trans-vaginal ultrasound.  I've had so many of these things that I lost track but I have never had one hurt as bad as the one I had yesterday!  I went in for a suspected right ovarian cyst and when she had the wand on the right side, it didn't hurt until she pressed down on my upper right side...I had a sharp shooting pain in my ovary.  Then she moved the wand to the left side, I about*, IBS, Diverticuliar Disease, Fibro, Sacroiilitis, Raynauds, OA, PA, Rosacea, Psoriasis, Dry Eye and allergies controlled by Zyrtec and Singular
What does it mean when you have two completely separate colors of stool.  It looks like 2 different colors of playdough pressed together?  ONe side darker brown and one side more yellowish brown?    I take Ultra Inflammix which is very yellow but I don't usually get this.Also can you have IBS without it being a uc flare?
We wanted to let you know about
Just got home from the hospital after 4 days of IV antibiotics for cellulitis.&nbsp; 
I have been on Remicade for my UC for 8 years.  I have not had any symptoms in several years and all colonscopies have been normal.  I wanted to know if I could stop my remivade and continue symptom free.  Any comments on this subject would be appreciated.  Thank you.
Colitis for me is blood, and maybe mucus - no other symptom scares me as much e.g. urgency, frequency, diarrhoea, pain, etc. doesn't really get to me as much.What freaks you out the most?
New method was superior to standard biopsy, white light colonoscopy in detecting dysplastic lesionsDX with Crohn's Disease in 1991 shortly after becoming ill.  CD was affecting small and large bowel & anus (perianal crohn's skin tags) & rectum for first 2 yrs of becoming sick,  CD remained constant in colon (Crohn's colitis) & anus with anal tags, intolerant to oral meds. Currently on Humira (Feb 2014) once a week and B12, Vitamin A and Omega's daily. In remission but trying to combat IBS D/C.
I've been meaning to post something for a while about
I was diagnosed in 2012 during the worst flare of my life! acute up to 25cm.i just feel ok right now.. but know for sure that in the next 3 months or so.. i will flare again... like clock work!
Is there any difference between chronic proctitis and ulcerative proctitis? Are they same? Biopsy results come out differently with different doctors. So confusing.
HiThanks again
Just to start, my GI doctors have been back and forth between Crohns and Colitis...right now just calling it indeterminate colitis-Previously tried Hydrocortisone enema 1x/day, VSL#3DS 1 packet/day, Canasa 1x/day, slippery elm, Astaxanthin,  10g l-glutamine and 2 tsp psyllium husk with poor results
After dealing with a painful hip off and on for the past 18+ months I finally went to the RA and he diagnosed me with Osteonecrosis of my right hip and sent me to a hip surgeon.Current Meds: Stelara and Sulfasalazine
Hello all -TinyP
To start I doubt this would be considered a side effect but my first BM every day is partially covered in white. I imagine this is just residue or whatever from the Rowasa but I thought I'd double check with the community to see if others have experienced this.
Before my recent diagnosis, I had only slightly loose stools and many other symptoms. Now I’m about 6 weeks into my medications and all of my symptoms are gone (cramping, bleeding, urgency), but my stools are softer than ever once a day or once every couple of days. Complete mush. Possible side effect of meds??
A recent study says cannabis use is very common in UC patients, what has your experience w/ cannabis been like?
I was put on sulfasalazine in mid February I think it was and in a few weeks I had developed this rash on my arms that I thought was fiberglass from work guys also notice my face is red. Next day wake up with a fever miss work go to a doctor and he thinks it’s mono. I stopped taking the sulfasalazine and omeprazole (something I do when I get sick) got better after 4 or 5 days. Go back to work and start back on the medicine by That Friday my face is red again and that night it feels wind chapped and my arms start itching. Saturday I start having hives inside my arms and face is swelling so I got to emergency room doc feels like it’s definitely some kind of allergic reaction gives me steroids and Benadryl and sends me home. I felt a little better but by Monday morning it was all back and redness and hives were worse and hives spread to chest and back I go back to the doctor that said he thought was mono he sends me straight to an allergist. After allergist ask what meds I’m on and I tell him sulfasalazine and how long is been on it (almost a month by now) he immediately is like “that’s what this is” his nurse practitioner seemed to agree. They sent me to a burn clinic I guess in fear of Steven Johnson’s they say they thing it’s just allergic reaction and give me prednisone and antihistamine and tell me not to touch the sulfasalazine. Few days go by and by now my face is dried out and peeling my waste line is peeling. Hands are red and tingling so call allergist he ups the prednisone a lot. I get better for the most part go back to see him about a week or two later GI swapped me to Mesalamine but different brand so I could afford it and put me on Zantac instead of omeprazole just in case. Everything is way better but my face is still getting red and hot from time to time especially if I get warm or am working but my hands are almost always red and turn white if I move or touch them amd get really red if I wear gloves a while and sometimes they’re really cold so I tell allergist and he just tells me to ride it out and see... really frustrated been off sulfasalazine for a month and my hands seem to get better and worse and my face still gets red and hot a couple times a day. I have stopped the Mesalamine (which I had no problems with for almost two years before all this) and Zantac but still symptoms are lingering really frustrated and freaked out any advice?
 
Hi guys! Current meds: remicade (every 6 wks), prednisone (7 days), Enemas (3 wks), dicyclomine (as needed)
Im currently stopping my intakes of on and off prednisone with 20mg a day, But after one day huge bumps and steroid acnes shown up in my back neck, in my neck and in my underarms which is worst. Please i dont know what to do please help me. im currently in my first month of acnetrex right now with 20mgs a day. I never said to my dermatologist that i've been taking an prednisone for 3 years. Please is it normal to have this huge acnes after i stopped the prednisone. And how long will i suffer to this. Im legit crying right now bros.  
I’m a 24 year old male and have been diagnosed with ulcerative colitis on the left side. Been having problems since the very beginning of 2018 right around New Years with blood here and there. Right around st.patricks day was when it got serious to the point I was in the bathroom every five minutes and running a fever of 102 with rapid heartbeat and chest pains. Had a colonoscopy about it. So I went straight to a heart doctor instead and they didn’t find anything out of the ordinary. So now I am still having heart problems which have gotten worse, last night my heart was beating so fast and hard I thought I was having a heart attack. I’m also still very lightheaded and fatigued and still having urinary urgencies. Cramping is also still and issue especially in my lower abdomin and around my sides. After being able to have normal stools for a small period I started noticing blood in my stool again and now I find it difficult to have bowel movements at all. Sometimes I’ll feel the urge to urinate and will find it hard to empty my bladder so I’ll think I’ll need to make a bowel movement and all that comes out is gas and a few bloody crumbs and blood on the paper. I’m very scared that something else could be going on as these symptoms just keep getting worse. Could it be a blockage? Or is this normal for UC? Has anyone had any of these problems on prednisone? I know I should be on a maintenance drug but my gastro has not given me another option and I don’t see him again until May 9th. I’ll probably call him tomorrow to see if he can offer me anything. This is all very new to me and I find it very hard to get through the day without feeling like I’m dying. I appreciate any advice anyone can offer me
I made a really bad choice and started smoking again a few weeks ago after being quit for 9 years. Unlike the norm, I actually got UC while I was a smoker. I do not remember flaring when I quit either. Because of this, I have always wondered if I actually have Crohn's. Since I started smoking again, I have been having stomach pain. No other UC symptoms, and I am not sure this pain is a flare symptom or not. It does feel kind of crampy. It is not constant or severe. Do you think I actually have Crohn's? Anyone else have a similar effect from smoking? I know the answer is just stop smoking, which I am trying to do. Thanks for any insight, advice, support in quitting, etc. I have been in remission since December 25, 2016.
I'm trying to be proactive for my next appointment with my GI on May 29. Current meds are not working. Everything was fine until my course of cortifoam finished earlier this week and now the bleeding and discomfort are back.Salofalk suppositories
My name is Adam, I am a Male, 47yr old, father of 3, I found this page a couple weeks ago. This was about
Hi All, I just wondered if any mother’s had any experience dealing with teenage hormones ☹️ My daughter has been off prednisone and symptom free for about birth control pills to see if that May level her hormone out a bit and keep things a bit more “neutral” but it doesn’t look like it would be the best idea with UC (I should add I am fairly sure it was a course of anti-biopics that caused her initial flare). Has anybody got a way of dealing with excessive hormones that won’t risk her remission? Was thinking evening primrose? Though she can be difficult to live with I would definitely take that over any risk of a UC flare!!
Hello,In surgery he had another heart attack and this time he could not be saved. He passed away on May 26 early morning around 2am. We never really thought anything like this could happen but he was already so weak when he got to the ER that we knew it could be possible. Now my brother is gone. He wrote a list of different people that should be contacted and he gave us his info for coming to this site. I don't know what his role was here but I have been taking the time to let everyone on his list know. Honestly I am just numb as I write this as I try to carry out his last wishes. I keep telling myself that in the end he had no pain because he was put out for surgery so he died in his sleep. I hope that some day this disease is conquered and nobody has to go through what my brother went through. I have never seen someone suffer so much in my life and then end up dying when he seemed so close to being saved. He had so much potential at only 29 years old. In his healthy times he loved helping people get well and wanted nothing more to ease other people's suffering. To see him suffer so much in the end wasn't fair. Thank you for reading I hope I am posting this to the right place. I will try to come back when there is time.
Hey yall,Resistant to all medications. (Builds a tolerance to any medicine in 6 months)
I thought this was old news but apparently some readers are surprised by this finding published in today's NY Times
My gi did a stool sample test and just got back to me saying my levels are good and that I’m in remission. How is that even possible if I’m having mucus/diarrhea a lot of the times? On top of that frequent trips to bathroom and stomach pains.  makes no sense & now there won’t be any changes to my meds. I’m so upset right now it’s not even funny.
Hi all,  I had a colonoscopy in May 2017, all was fine.  I had another one this May 9th I waited at least 2 weeks did not hear any reqults so I called and they sent it out to another lab I thought no news over a month later I should be fine right well my Dr. called me today he just got the results he took 29 samples from rectum all through my colon (i've had pancolitus for aboutThanks for any help I'm freaking out a little todat.
 .
Hello Everyone,Adele
I have ulcerative colitis and I use to have to use the toilet ten to twelve times a day and each time there was blood and I was taking the maximum medicating but now I only have to use the toilet one's or twice a day and there is no blood and I don't take any medicating. what was coursing me to bleed is sugar in my diet. the more I cut back on food with sugar in them the better I got. it took me quite a while to figure that out some times I wood stop bleeding wright away and some times it wood take me a few weeks to stop. I have going back to eating most foods but not the ones with sugar in them. I eat less then the dally value% of sugar and if I cut back on all sugar my UC problem wood go away. but when I cut back on sugar I lost weight fast and I had a hard time keeping a good body weight
Hi again, everyone.  I feel kind of foolish bothering people with questions, but I'm kind of at my wits' end here.I guess what I'm asking in this rather long-winded post is this: have any of you ever dealt with something like this, or had ischemic colitis?
I had my colonoscopy this AM. Ascending & transverse are clear, but there is a lot of inflammation and ulcers in the sigmoid and some mild inflammation in the rectum. He took a lot of biopsies but I wouln't get those results for a week or so. I have been on Pred since the beginning of May and the doc said to stay on 20mg until we get the Entyvio appeal straightened out. 59 yo female diagnosed w/UC to mid transverse 1/1/13, now UC or Crohn's colitis. Remission since 10/16, confirmed by scope in Dec 16. Current meds: Entyvio 7/22/16, Asacol HD 2 Tabs 3x/day, Capozide 1/day (hypertension). Dexilant. OTC: Loratadine 1/day, multivitamin 1/day.
I want to be a better friend to my friend who was newly diagnosed with UC.  What are some of the unmet needs that UC patients experience.  What is needed by patients and what are the biggest struggles everyday.  How can I help improve the life of my friend.  How do you navigate the medication decision.
I've lurked on the boards for a while, but this is my first post.  Please forgive me if it turns into a novel.
Hello everyone-  I wanted contribute back to the forum with this information.  I know I am very lucky to have a mild case compared to others on here but maybe this will help others find some relief.
Is there something I can take to help me with formed stools?? Most of my stools are very mushy and unformed, diarrhea like. Imodium maybe?
Hello, February-April 2015 prednisone, January 2017 prednisone
Hi;&quot;The real things haven't changed. It is still best to be honest and truthful, to make the most of what we have; to be happy with simple pleasures, and to have courage when things go wrong.&quot; ~ Laura Ingalls Wilder
I just read an article that made my blood boil that said pharmacists are not allowed to tell customers that they could pay less for their RX if they did not use insurance. WHAT?Can't wait til I'm on Medicare with a drug plan, it can't be worse.
I have learned about
Hi everyone, 
Before anyone rolls their eyes, please know that I have really, truly, pinky-swear read every thread aboutThank you for taking the time.

Weight gain is more than likely from the Lexapro rather than from the Lialda (5ASA med).&nbsp; How much weight did you lose from the multi-times a day bms?&nbsp; How much have you gained back?quincy
I take 4 pills all at once in the morning, i have had my thyroid checked and it is fine. And no i have not been on prednisone(yet). My weight has stayed pretty steady throughout my flair suprisingly..and i have just seemed to have put on 5-7 lbs..it is mostly in the lower part of my colon, with proctitis. Soo..i have taken lexapro before and didnt have any weight gain..so i dont know if it is even caused from either one, i am guessing just because i havent been as active with exercising due to feeling so bad! im so glad i found this website, so i can ask any ?s and see that others are going through the same! well thanks for any information you have, and god bless!!!&lt;a href=&quot;http://photobucket.com&quot; target=&quot;_blank&quot;&gt;&lt;img src=&quot;http://i106.photobucket.com/albums/m248/drydensmomma/drydenaug30thfirsthaircut019.jpg&quot; border=&quot;0&quot; alt=&quot;Photo Sharing and Video Hosting at Photobucket&quot;&gt;&lt;/a&gt;
I have gained weight since I started it.&nbsp; My metabolism feels all jacked up.&nbsp; I eat smaller meals more ofter, but I get really hungry feeling every 3 to 4 hours.Diagnosed (FINALLY) UC Sept 09
No - I have been on it for almost three years and never experienced weight gain as a result.  If you are feeling better and having less BM's you may gain a few pounds but that is more likely to better GI health than to the medicine.Dx 2006 right after the birth of my daughter, currently pregnant with #2!

I suspected Lialda had contributed to weight gain for me. Glad you brought it up.
I was diagnosed with UC in early June.  Have been on Lialda and probiotics since.  I have put on 5 lbs and I exercise every day and eat a good diet as I am part of Spark people.  Anyone have any suggestions to take off the weight?  As others have said it is strictly in the lower part of the stomach and you feel 7 months pregnant.Thanks.
Boxermom,Right now we are doing 4 tabs of Lialda, and Align. I tried Colon Health, but the Align seems to be working better.
Strange thing but I have had a headache and my knees hurt also.  I am so tired I don't feel like exercising.  I bet it is all from the Lialda.  Maybe I will switch back to my Asacol.  I am taking the VSL #3 and Turmeric also.  In the mornings I can just barely get out of bed.  I never used to feel like this so it must be the Lialda.  I was just at my GI doc today but didn't bring it up.  I just didn't realize until I read these posts.
The fatigue is gone for me. I have no joint pain or headaches (aside from my son). I just can't sit for extended periods and I've never seen such strange things come out of a person lol
I've been on Lialda for over a year and have not gained weight.  Just having joint pain especially when squatting.
I used to be on Lialda. Only problems I had were when I went to urinate! It would sting at times, and feel as though there was more, but it never got out!Colozal, Iron, Lialda, Prednisone
What do you need removed? I thought I followed the rules. I will do whatever you need me to.
Anyone here ever take Humira for Colitis (through trials or an exception through your insurance / doc)?  Thanks!! : )
As far as I know Humira is not approved for UC yet.... You may use it as an off-label use if your GI is willing to write you the script
My GI told me that Humira was approved.  We talked about it briefly, but I'm not at the stage yet where I need it or Remicade.
I've been on Humira for my Ulcertive Colitis for almost 5 months now and it's been working awsome. I would recommend for anyone who has failed Remicade, as I did.
I was told that it was NOT approved (and TRUST ME, I am going through HELL with insurance companies and my doctors office.)&nbsp; I have Blue Cross and Blue Shields, and also, my doc has told me that it hasn't been, so I'd have to pay for it out right.&nbsp; I do know that my insurance company would cover it for Chrons, but my doc wouldn't "diagnoise" me with it.&nbsp; He said that I COULD have it, because I have tested with the IBD blood tests and the said that I was positive for UC and Chrons.&nbsp; My doc said that you could get it in trial studies, BUT you also could get placebo...

HiI am from Lebanon and was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis 6 years ago. My colitis got worse over the years and now i have pancolitis (40 cm). I am no longer responding on medications (such as asacol, pentasa). I cannot take immuran since it caused me pancreatitis. I have been on remicade it's been a year but it has not proven effective since i could not get off of prednisone while taking remicade. I have been on prednisone all year long with remicade and had two hospitalizations because of quick relapse of my condition. My doctor suggested one last medical option: humera. However, he said if i dont respond in two month's time on humera, then i have to consider surgery: total removal of my colon... Im freaking out because of that and hope that Humera kicks in quickly. Can anyone tell me his experience with humera? Does it kick in fairly quickly or does it need time to feel its effect. I will be doing it tomorrow and repeat it every 15 days.  Currently, i am on 15mg prednisone but it's not very effective in controlling my stools since im have numerous stools a day (6 bowel movements).
I'm starting Humira this Friday, well maybe. I got into a clinical trial and the placebo is a fifty percent possibility. However, the study coordinator said that if I don't respond to the drug after twelve weeks and am getting the placebo they will enroll you in the trial with the actual drug. Another added bonus is if it does work and I go through the 52 week study, I would be eligible for an extension plan that lets me stay on humira free of charge for 3-5 years. The only problem is if I do get  the placebo, my symptoms are so bad that I don't know if I will be able to wait twelve weeks to get on the real drug. Remicade worked for me for about four months before I developed a resistance to it, so I am really hopeful I will have success with humira.
Short Stuff, can you please describe your experience with Remicade?  I have been on it since December and still can not get into sull remission.  Also it make me feel terrible for a week after I get the infusion.  Anyone else who failed Remicade and is doing well on Humira would be appreciated as well.  Thanks in advance
That's great, Sweetie! How many Remicade infusions did you have before going to Humira?
I was on REMICADE for a little over a year, and it never put me into remission, so my GI switched me to HUMIRA aboutI don't think I can take this much longer.
 Does the Humira have the same side effects as Remicade?  I am not a candidate for Remicade as I was exposed to the TB virus in the 60's.
Anyone getting humira? Can u tell me of your experience while taking it. I was told that it burns and hurts while u receive the injection/ Is it too painful. What other side effects does it have? red sore skin? hot flashes etc...


We&nbsp;will be&nbsp;upgrading our&nbsp;server this afternoon, Tuesday, May 20th @ approximately 4 p.m. EST.&nbsp; To complete the server migration, we need to turn off the web site for a time.&nbsp; We hope the outage will be no longer than 30-60 minutes.&nbsp; Thanks for your patience!
Well the database server move is completed. We lost about 30 minutes worth of data to the database.... so if you find any posts missing you made between 4-4:30 p.m. EST today, you know why!
We launched 6 new HealingWell.com forums today on Celiac Disease, Kidney Disease, Psoriasis, Osteoarthritis, Sjogren's Syndrome, & Thyroid Disorders. Stop by and help us get these forums off the ground.   We also just renamed the Arthritis forum to the Rheumatoid Arthritis forum, since that was the dominant topic in that forum. If you know someone dealing with these conditions, please refer them to our new forums.
I've improved the forum search tool (which hasn't worked well in a long time) by using Google's search engine.  
It's official, the HealingWell.com community has reached 75,000 members today! All of this in less than 6 years since we started our registered memberships. Thanks to all your support over the years! Here's to 100,000! Thank you for helping us realize the dream of helping others &quot;heal well&quot; with chronic health conditions.
We did it!!!  The HealingWell forums just reached 1 million posts today!  Thanks for all your support!  Tell your friends about
We've recently updated the My Profile &gt; Edit Profile section.&nbsp; Please visit and update your signature as needed.&nbsp; We've had a few users with badly formatted code in their signature and so we encourage you to update it as you get time.
Check the how-to guide to add color:  
Today we have turned back on the ability to subscribe/unsubscribe from threads when logged into the forum.  You will notice a new link that says &quot;Subscribe to this thread&quot; or &quot;Unsubscribe from this thread&quot; at the top right corner of each thread post.  Remember, this is an email subscript
Recently we have turned back on the ability to subscribe/unsubscribe from threads when logged into the forum.  You will notice a new link that says &quot;Subscribe to this thread&quot; or &quot;Unsubscribe from this thread&quot; at the top right corner of each thread post.  Remember, this is an email subscript
See my post on our Facebook site at 
Follow our blog about
 
 
I'm happy to announce the launch of the HealingWell April Newsletter.  This month's focus is on the new blog.
 
 
Last week HealingWell.com hit a major milestone, surpassing 100,000 registered community members.  I've thought about
Here is a suggestion for posting in the forums.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There are 2 big reasons for this.&nbsp; 
Somehow it seems counter-intuitive to feel grateful for having a chronic illness. My blog post today might change your perspective. ~ Peter
Every day I am inspired by the selfless service of people like you who offer support to others struggling with chronic illness or other personal challenges.  The HealingWell forums are filled with so many awesome people!  We are truly all connected. 
Announcing our first ever HealingWell book giveaway!  I'm very happy that the first book I have to give away is Carla Ulbrich's book &quot;How Can You NOT Laugh at a Time Like This?  Reclaim Your Health with Humor, Creativity, and Grit&quot; published in February 2011. Carla writes from the heart with refreshing wit and sometimes brutal honesty about
Who knew I would be thankful for having a chronic illness?  Actually I wish I never got sick in the first place, but given that I am, I am glad it has changed my life in some good ways.  I've been reading responses in the forums to my recent post on Cultivating Gratitude.  Little did I know how many people related to my experience. 
If you have a chronic illness, you know a little something about
I've had trouble writing a coherent blog post lately.  Probably because I've been sick a lot this Winter.  So to help me get the ball rolling again I'm giving away 2 copies of this awesome book - Healing Walks for Hard Times:  Quiet Your Mind, Strengthen Your Body & Get Your Life Back.  Anyone with chronic illness will find this book both motivating and easy to follow.  Enter the giveaway a number of different ways below by Friday, February 17th!
Mindfulness was not a term I was familiar with when I was diagnosed with chronic illness 17 years ago.  Looking back, I wish I had known more about
about
Sometimes the challenges we face coping with chronic illness be downright overwhelming.  We all experience those moments of weakness where we give way to the groundswell of emotions arising from our illness.  It can be so difficult some days to truly stay focused on healing well.  One of my Twitter friends posted recently that &quot;the enemy is not pain. The enemy is despair.&quot;  That is so true.  But there is hope.  To my friends who feel like giving up.....
We are giving away 3 quality books that can really have a positive impact on your journey to healing well with chronic illness.  They include The Now Effect by Elisha Goldstein, The Healthcare Survival Guide by Martin B. Rosen, and Life Disrupted by Laurie Edwards.  See link below for details.
I hope you enjoy my latest post, it is about
To most people getting fit with chronic illness sounds like an oxymoron.  The old me thought that people that were chronically ill simply did not exercise, ever!  But experience has taught me that exercise is key to healing well with chronic illness.
I never expected to run a 5K race.  In fact, I never expected to run again in my life, period.  Having battled chronic illness for 17 years and suffered a serious leg injury 10 years ago, running wasn't even on my mental radar. But I did.  Read my latest blog post for more.
Attitude is really the key as to whether you allow obstacles to defeat you or not. It's your decision. Please take a moment to enjoy this video from kids overcoming their own unique challenges with hope, determination, and joy.
Living and coping with chronic illness can be difficult, especially during the holidays. It often requires stressful changes to your life and the lives of family members closest to you. Fortunately, there are a few tried and true steps for healing well with chronic illness that can make coping easier and your life more fulfilling.  I hope these admonitions for healing help you as much as they've helped me.
Expect the unexpected. Life is not meant to be easy. We all have our challenges. It's how we respond to them that really matters.
Mindfulness is a set of skills for healing, intuition, insight, calmness, focus, resilience and hope that you can develop to counter the stresses that chronic illness brings.  You can literally &quot;train your mind to promote healing&quot;.
Just wanted to point out a new milestone.  We quietly hit 2 million forum posts over the holidays!
Many of you may have already heard of my forthcoming article (June 3rd) in USA Weekend magazine that offers tips and warnings on using online support groups and forums for people with chronic illness.  They approached me last summer about
Hello,

Temp is normal. What is arthritic sx? 
I had a pericardial window 3 months ago and can agree with everything that is happening to you.&nbsp; I have hot flashes, recurring pain for no reason and will have days...weeks that I feel great and then out of nowhere, I get pain and pressure on my chest and down my arm.&nbsp; I'm trying to see if there is any pattern to the pain.&nbsp; Right now, it has been 3 weeks since the last episode and it is back as of today.&nbsp; No diagnosis for me either, so no one knows why this is happening.&nbsp; I don't think the fluid has returned, just pain.&nbsp; If you figure out any reason for what you are going thru, let me know.
Do you think some of your pain is nerve pain from surgery? 
I had pericardial window done 4 months ago and still have pain at my incision site and left side on and off. I'm now having hot flashes and chest burning and pain and tightness in my left shoulder and left arm.  I'm wondering if it might be inflammation? Maybe ibuprofen might help? My effusion was caused by an echovirus, could it return? I definitely have some nerve pain that radiates to my left ear too. Its good to hear about
Hi,Age:41
Thanks for the welcome! Yes, I have actually recorded it a few times just by placing my phone to my chest. Others can hear it within aboutSarafina

Elleno, Sarafina
Hi, I would really like to hear your recordings. Could you please email any that you have of your heartbeat under different conditions like stress, working out and especiallu long breath holds. I would like to see if I can identify your problem. My email is &nbsp; thanks!
Hi there, Regarfs
Is it true that if one person is having a heart attack he also has high blood pressure? Im just curious.

I am 68 and overweight (BMI 29) but feel perfectly fit.Trog
No kidding heart issues are very serious why wouldn't they do more tests? Does she have insurance? I know that shouldnt matter but it really does. You have to ask questions and give the doctors any information that you have, even those little things that might not seem like much can be. Better to be safe than sorry.


Thanks so much Jim. No, I know there's always a chance of having a redue put your comments really did help. Even though it wasn't&nbsp;the best at first for you, it's OK now and that helps to know that it will be right sooner or later. Thanks again!
Hi Jim, that's interesting to know that it can happen. The doctor told me it is very unusal to have problems with it this soon, but I reminded him I'm the patient that is usually the exception to the rule. I always get the remote side effects from meds and have unusual or remote symptoms from what ever I have. Like when I had my gallbladder problems it took them 3 months to find out it was bad because it didn't have stones in it. They had to do a test that they rarely do and found out it was just not working right. It seems like the heart can really vary as far as symptoms. I don't under stand why my doctor doesn't think that the symptoms that brought me to the hospital were from the blockage when they went away as soon as the stent was in place. According to the AHA warning signs that's what it was from. My problems seem to be from exertion. I get the breathlessness and tightness with some chest pain. It's all so confuseing because I wasn't even sure when I went to the hospital the first time what it was because it was mostly left arm, shoulder, neck and jaw with the breathlessness, not much in the chest at all. Just a little tightness off and on. I think doctors tend to think womens problems are more in their head also. That is the reason I told them my mom died in a car accident instead of killing herself because I wanted to make sure that they checked my heart out good in the ER. I have encountered doctors that don't listen as soon as they find out that my mom died that way. I think it was a stupid thing to do and don't ever intend to do anything that dumb. I got too much to live for. I want to be around for my grandbaby and maybe more grandchildren someday. My mom missed all that. Thanks for your input it is helpful to know what others have gone through. It helps to know that I'll eventually get to where I can do stuff I did before. It's driving me nuts to see all the snow outside that we got this weekend and not be able to cross country ski. Sure hope they get this figured out and fixed before summer because I love the water slides and that would really be hard. Well catch you later. Let me know if you have any more insights or information for me. Barb
Hi maybe I can help you a little. I had a stent put in my left ascending artery on 1/4/05. It was a total shock to even the cardiologist who told me he was 99.9% sure he wasn't going to find anything. I went to the ER after having pain in my left shoulder, arm and neck for 24 hours along with shortness of breath after moving around at all. I kept thinking it was my asthma and my fibromyalgia. The doctor in the ER did a ekg and blood tests that showed nothing. My regular doctor said he would have sent me home after that, ( glad I didn't wait a few more hours to go see him) but the ER doc said he still wanted to do one more test to make sure. He ordered a treadmill stress test with the nuclear study. As soon as the results were back they admitted me because there was an abnormal dark spot on the left side of my heart. The cardiologist still didn't think he'd find anything. I had a 80-90% blockage that was up high enough where it would have done alot of damage to the left side of my heart. So as you can see the blood test and ekg don't tell everything. Look up farther in this thread and you can see from my conversation with Jim that I am already having problems and Jim started having problems early on also. My cardiologist said that if they are going to block up it is usually in the first 6 months. If it was me I would insist they do a stress test with a nuclear study. That is where you go on the treadmill and then the last minute you are on they inject dye and then you lay on the table while a machine scans your heart. Every one here has been very helpful and encouraging. If you have any more questions just ask or if you need some encouragement or just to vent. I check in a couple times a day. Good luck. Barb
Re Stents...I've had 2 implanted, one metal 2001, and the other being a medicated cypher stent in March 2004.  With the blockages still continuing, I did end up having a triple bypass Aug. 24th, 2004 and have been doing so much better.
Hi Barb, my name is Barb also. I had a one stent put in January 4th. I've been having some problems already and the doc said it could be blocking up. I'm hoping it is just my asthma. I certainly can't afford the time off for bypass surgery. I work 2 jobs to make ends meat and don't have any sick time at the one and not a whole lot left at the other for sick leave. I'd rather have another stent put in. Oh well only time will tell. I go for my six week check on the 14th. I thought that was kind of funny that I'm going to the cardiologist on valentines day and then to cardiac rehab after. That is an interesting question about the medicine in the stent. If I can remember to ask about it I will. I don't remember stuff well these days. The high blood pressure med has turned my brain to mush. Oh wll am trying to cope day to day. Barb
Hi John, that is really nice of you to say about me. I just try to look for the good things in situations to get through life. I have a husband that is just a saint. I feel sorry for him that he has to put up with so many health problems with me and now this. We have stood by eachother for 23 1/2 years now. That makes a really big difference. We tease eachother  and say no one else would be able to put up with us. A good sense of humor and a positive attitude is what helps me get through it all. Not to say that I don't get down. I was bummed out for a short time after it happend and then when my stress test wasn't so clear I got bummed out for about a week. I was uneasy about going off the Plavix. I'm glad the doc decided to keep me on it. If I have problems with my stent I'll be sure to talk to the doctor about the other medicated stents. That is really good to know thanks for sharing that info with me. I go back May 17th for a stress test. I have pain off and on. Mostly from strenuous activity. At least we are aware of the problem and are keeping an eye on it. The doctor talked about maybe having me go off the Plavix just during my period if problems persist. I hope not. I really don't feel comfortable about going off the medicine at all. I'll keep you posted. Thanks for your words of wisdom. Barb
First of all welcome, we're glad your here. Your insight and willingness to share is helpful to everyone. Hope you continue to improve, keep us posted, ok? And thanks too for the information on Mended Hearts. I've been looking for such an organization here in Denver, Colo. but haven't found one yet. I'll look for them tomorrow. Thanks again, it's nice to have you!


Hi All, Guess I just need to know there are folks out there going through the same problems I am. In the last 3-4 weeks I have been having unstable angina, even after the bypass in late July. Now I'm wearing a nitro patch during the day, taking it off before bed. It's just a bummer!! I was so hopeful that everything would go okay after the bypass, but guess maybe I should have known better. Oh well, feeling sorry for myself won't help a bit, so might as well stop. My mom would have said "get off the pity pot". It's just disheartening. Any of you out there that feel that way sometimes? Barb M
Hi Barb, glad to hear you are feeling better. It helps to get out of the house too. Also helps to keep busy. I've been busy working on my scrapbook room this weekend. I'm getting every thing organized. I wish I could get my sister to go skiing with me, but she's scared because of the heart thing. Can't say as I blame her. It sound's beautiful where you live. I love the trees especially the pines and ever greens. My husband and I love to camp in the woods and hike and bike. Well I bike he rides on his electric scooter. We love the outdoors. Well I have to go get ready to go to rehab now. I'll talk to you later. Barb
Oops, I guess it took a while for me to get back to answer your earlier question Barb-for that I apologize.  I haven't been in the best of health lately and just last week, my Mom passed away from Breast Cancer.  She also was a 20 year member of the bypass club with a quintruple bypass after a major MI in her 50's.
Thanks for the feedback! I see my cardiologist 3-2-05, but just today I called another doctor about a different condition that may have some bearing on all this. I have a condition called Sarcoidosis. Not a lot is know about it, but in my case it has affected the lymph glands in the chest between the lungs, more right than left. So far I really haven't had any symptoms that I know of. It would never have been found except for the chest ex-rays taken when I had the heart problems. Before I go in for an angiogram I want to make sure the Sarcoid hasn't flared up, and is causing some of this. Don't know whether to hope it has or not. The only treatment for it is steroids, and we all know we don't want to take those unless absolutely necessary. Anyway, I should find something out in the next couple of weeks. Again, thanks for the feedback and the caring. Barb M

Hi Teri, There is a blood test I have done periodically. I can't remember the name of it right now, but I think it has something to do with inflammation. I also have to have my eyes checked every 6 months. My understanding is that Sarcoid can affect any organ in the body, but about 90% of people have it in their lungs. I'm going in today for an ex-ray, and&nbsp;a chat with the pulmonary doctor just to make sure this chest discomfort isn't Sarcoid before I have an angiogram done. I have so much problem with bleeding after the angiogram that I don't want one if I don't absolutely have to have one. Planning a trip to Hawaii in May and want everything taken care of by then. Barb M
Much good luck to you, Barb!
Teri, just got back from the doctor. It is definitely not the Sarcoid causing the pain; at least I know so I can rule it out. This pulmonary doctor had bypass surgery a year or so ago. He said most bypasses last about 10 years, his only lasted 10 months. When I asked what they did for him after that, he said he just plays it one day at a time. In his case there is no room for more bypasses. I guess we all just live one day at a time. Barb M
Well, Barb, perhaps, but I try to live for a little bit past that one day at a time-I'd rather be like my Mom who lived 20 yrs. past her bypass! :)
Teri, yes I continue to be checked every 6 months by both the pulmonary specialist, and the eye specialist. So far so good. I'll let you know the name of the blood test when I remember it. At my age, that may take a while   don't ya know? Barb M
Teri, still not sure, but angiotensen comes to mind. I'll check it out, find out, and let you know. Barb m
Teri, I was right! It is the Serum Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme test (ACE)or (SASE). More research for you, huh? Glad I was able to get the brain cells working to come up with this one. Barb M
 
Hi all, yes Barb I have heard of that noni juice from my uncle who is into nutrition big time. His wife had a stroke and instead of taking her to the hospital like he should of right away he kept her at home and fed her that juice and other stuff. She still has some problems. He claims she got through it faster and better because of him doing that. I think he was crazy. She is able to talk and everything but has a bit of a limp I guess. Have you had any problems with lumps in your legs. I have had a very painful lump about the size of a nickle below my knee on the inside of my leg. It's warm and a little bit red. It hurts when I walk. The nurse I called Saturday morning said to go to the clinic right away to have it checked. So between the clinic and hospital it ate up 6 hours of my Saturday. They supposedly ruled out a blood clot but couldn't really tell me what it is. The doc said it might be a new varicose vein. It really hurt after all the pokeing around by the doc and the ultra sound lady. If that in it self is not bad enough then I have an infection in my right foot that I finally went and had checked Thursday night. My foot hurts so bad on top that I can't wear regular shoes. Not sure the antibiotic is working because I had a temp when they took it Saturday. I told every one Saturday that if I was a horse they'd have to shoot me with my two lame legs. That gave them all a good laugh. Hey it's better to laugh about it than cry. Talk to you later. Barb
BT Barb, :)  Sorry, just wanted to make sure I was addressing the correct one.  I haven't looked back far enough to know why you are taking an antibiotic (for the foot infection?)-so I can't respond to that, but to say I hope you're feeling better soon!  I've never had painful lumps (knock on wood) in my legs, but I've seen a couple of lumps that I'm sure are varicose veins.  If that's what your's is, it could be the cause of the pain...but gee did they refer you to someone to see what it actually is??  Speaking of legs and feet, I have got such a sore ingrown toenail, that I know what you're taking about re pain in the foot- :)  socks & shoes both hurt, though I believe I got the problem fixed.  If it's not better, guess I'll be visiting someone for that-I'm diabetic, so I'm not going to fool around too long with it.  Have a good day!  Teri
Hi Teri, I've had varicose veins since I was 18 years old and I've never had one with a lump like that or this painful. If it doesn't get better I'm going to go see my regular doctor to have it checked out and maybe a specialist. I may have to go for my other foot anyway if it's not better soon. I don't know how I got that infection in my foot but my circulation istn't the best due to an accident at age 16 I have lots of tissue damage to my lover legs and feet. I know how bad an infection can be because I had an ulcer back in 99. 3 months to heal not fun. This pain is just as bad but no open wound. Thats why I waited almost a week to have it looked at. I have a very dear friend who has diabetes and he has lost 3 toes recently. He has had 2 heart attacks, and kidney damage from the diabetes. Unfortunately he doesn't watch what he eats. I've lectured him many times. It sounds like you take care of yourself though. Don't wait on the foot thing though. Have you ever had celulitis? That's what my foot infection is. Look forward to hearing from you again. Barb
Hi Teri, my feet and ankles are swollen more than usual too so maybe that's part of the problem. The doc put me on a water pill for 2 weeks to help till it heals up. It's feeling better this afternoon and I think I may even be able to get my shoes on to go to rehab. The lump thing in my other leg does seem to be getting smaller too and not hurt as much today. Hopefully both are on the way to being healed up. I really want to get out and do some cross country skiing before winter is over. Thanks for the info. Take care. Barb
Hi Teri, that's where I live. It's a beautiful state but very cold. The winters seem longer now that I'm older.    My little dog loves to walk. Do you have a dog to walk? They are great motivators to exercise. Take Care. Barb
I have 2 dogs, neither are small!   &nbsp;&nbsp; Right now I'm working with an Amazon Parrot, an African Gray Parrot, an Ecclectus Parrot, along with cockatiels and other smaller parrots and a new Baby Cockatoo!&nbsp; I raise and breed cockatiels at home as well.&nbsp; So never a dull moment around here.&nbsp; Teri 
Hi Teri, what kind of dogs do you have? I have a rat terrier who's my little baby. My daughter has a big huge alaskan malamute/german shepard mix. He's beautiful but a big pain in the butt. We never wanted a big dog our house is small and no fenced in yard. Our little dog hates him because he's too ruff with her. She never did like big dogs anyway. We have a parakeet. He's about 10 years old. He's kind of a brat. Not enough attention I think. We also have a bunny that is about 8 and then my little hamster that is about 2. My favorite animals are dogs and hamsters though. The bunny and bird were animals my kids begged for and then ignored and left for us to take care of. My favorite wild animal is the panda. I've seen 3 pandas in my life. I got to see Hue Mei at the Sandiego zoo and her father and then before the old panda hing hing died at the zoo in washington DC. We went to California to see my son graduate from Marine boot camp in 2002. That is so cool all the things you do with the birds. Animals can help us forget about our problems and are great companions. My husband never had a dog growing up and wasn't sure if he'd even like a dog. He likes cats but I'm alergic to them so couldn't get one. He now says he can't imagine being with out a dog. He's handicapped and stays at home so Abby keeps him company. I'd like the weather in Texas alot better. Some day I'd like to move to Tennesee when my son and his wife move there. My son is in Iraq and my daughter in law is stationed at North Carolina. She's from Tennessee. Have you tried swimming for exercise? A warm pool would be easy on the joints. I love to swim. It's neat to learn about other people and their interests. Take Care. Barb
I think swimming is one of my favorite exercises to do. Where do you swim at? We got to swim in the Atlantic ocean last year. That was so neat. It's great you have such a full life with all the health problems you have. I like to live life to the fullest. I think my poor hubby worries more about my health. He had a hard time when I first found out I had asthma. He still worries if I start coughing and weezing but he got better with time. I hope it is the same thing with the heart problem. He's saying he doesn't want to go far from home to camp this summer but I'm not going to go for that. It'll help if that next stress test is normal in May I think. Well time for a snack and my night meds. Heart healthy of course. Barb

Hi All maybe I shouldn't be butting in here since I am a newbie but I do have 7 stents, 3 in my RCA, 1&nbsp;in the LAD and 3 in the Circumflex--anyhow my stents work great for me --keep my arteries open and the blood flowing--I have been fortunate and have not had restenosis in them&nbsp; my problem is that my arteries have new&nbsp;blockages in different places--I have had these stents placed in the the last two years the last one in Sept, 04, my last cath was in (I have had 11) Jan., 05,and I was totally clean--I do know other have restonsis sometimes very quickly and others gradually --I just wanted to let you know some stents can work well (Ihave 4 medicated stents and three of the others)   



Hi Teri, I didn't have to take a 3rd one thank goodness. It's so hard for me to tell if its my firbromyalgia and or asthma or my heart. The doctor told me that he didn't think the pain that brought me to the hospital was even from my heart, which was pointed out to me in a very rude manor by the ER doc that I saw a few days after the stent was put in because I started having the same pain again it seemed like anyway. I don't think I've ever been treated so rude by a doctor. Thank goodness he wasn't the one I had the day I went in and they ended up puting the stent in. I shut the rude doctor up real quick when he told me that ekg and blood test were normal. He was very snotty about it too. I told him that  those 2 tests had been normal 2 days before and I would have died or had alot of damage to the left side of my heart if they had just relied on those 2 tests. He didn't say anything then. He went and talked to the on call cardiologist and came back and ordered a cat scan to make sure I didn't have any blood clots in my lungs. I think we women need to be more outspoken like that to get doctors to do the tests that they should to make sure they find out what is really wrong with us. Some doctors can be such jerks. Another thing they love to do is tell women that it's all in their heads. Which I have had done to me by a doctor in Iowa after he found out my mom died from suicide and that is exactly why I to didn't tell them when I went for my heart how my mom died and that's what I am going to do from now on. I told them it was a car accident she died in. I figure as long as I'm not having depression it really has nothing to do with my health. Well I have to get back to cooking. We are having friends over for dinner tonight. After I get the chicken into the slow cooker we are thinking of walking to the video store. It takes about 30 minutes to walk there. It's going to be almost 50 out today. I guess there goes the snow and my prospects for skiing anytime soon. Oh well I'm ready for spring. Take care. Barb



Hey John, I'm still around and doing pretty good. I finished rehab on Monday. I haven't been able to exercise this week because I was so sick with a sinus infection. My foot is all healed up after a second round of antibiotics. Still have the lump in other leg. Only hurts now when I touch it or bump it. If it get worse or something I'll have to go see the doc again. I'm excited about my foot being better because I am going to go out cross country skiing tomorrow with my sister and her husband since it doesn't seem like winter is ever leaving Wisconsin. I'm taking this as a sign from God to go skiing. lol. Well have to get to be so can get up for skiing. Barb T

Good morning Teri, I'm very careful when skiing. I won't go down any hills no matter how small they are. I take my skiis off and walk down. I am so excited. We are going out to the state park near us. It's beautiful there. It's up on a cliff over looking the lake and surrounding land. Most of the trail is flat though. My sister and her hubby saw a herd of deer up there last time they went. If they would back out on me today I have one of my other sisters talked into going down the road from me to the nature preserve. Very pretty there. I love gliding through the quiet woods. I told my sis not to worry that as long as I have my inhaler, nitro pills and cell phone we should be all set. She laughed about that. I know she's nervous about me going though. I'm not a huge risk taker but I'm not going to live the rest of my life in my lazy boy chair. Well have to go wax my skiis now. I'll check in with you later. Barb
Hi Teri, yeah mine was taken out in May of 2000. No stones in it. It was just malfunctioning very badly. The doc said it had been bad for years which I believe. He said it was the worse gall bladder he had ever seen and he was a surgeon so had seen plenty. For such a little thing it can sure cause a lot of trouble. Barb
Hi All, Just a quick note to let all know how my chest pain episodes turned out. As you may or may not remember I have had 3 stents inplanted, all blocking at one time or another, with a triple bypass in late July of last year. I began having chest pain again about 7 months after the bypass. I ended up having another angiogram where they found the only stent that wasn't bypassed was blocking, only about 65% blockage at that time. The doctor went ahead and put one of the new drug eluding stents inside the old stent, so we are hoping everything will be okay from now on as far as the stent goes. He did said the vein they used in my bypass was quite small so I will probably have a problem with that at some time. Oh Joy!! I continue to have angina so am using a nitro patch which seems to take care of 90% of it. I don't know if any of you had to use the patches, but when they started me out with the 4 mg one the headache was unbearable. So I started with a 2mg patch that I cut in half, used that for a while, then up to the whole patch. Then he gave me the 4 mg patch from which I cut about a 1/3 for a while, then finally up to the whole 4 mg patch. I don't have the headache since moving up to the larger one more slowly. That info might be of some help to someone out there. Anyway, I'm doing much, much better, but have to get back on the diet and increase the exercise. Hope everyone is doing as well.&nbsp; Barb M
Hi All, On another matter, have any of you had a problem getting your heart rate up high enough during your exercising? I know that my heart is VERY strong, I take medication so it won't pump out the blood so hard.&nbsp;The problem is that&nbsp;most of the time my resting heart rate is between 55-60, quite often dropping down into the low 50's with occasional drops, 4 or 5 times a week, into the 40's. I don't feel bad at those times, but I can tell when it goes down to the 40's because of a fluttery feeling in my chest. I do take medication to regulate my heart beat, otherwise I have severe palpitations. Any idea's from anyone out there? The doctor's feel it will be a matter of testing different medications, but so many of the meds they try me on I have severe reactions to. Any thoughts welcome.&nbsp; Barb M



Teri,&nbsp; Yes, I do take a Beta Blocker. I take 50 mg twice a day of Atenolol. Unfortunately, if I reduce it any farther down than it is I get the heart palpitations, and my heart beat becomes very irregular.&nbsp;I don't have a medical name for the type of palpitations, I just know it feels like my heart is going to jump right out of my chest. The&nbsp;beats are very irregular, and very hard. &nbsp;I also take Digoxin for the irregularity of the heart beat. The doctor would love to have me off the Dig, as&nbsp; would I, but within a week of going off I start with the problems again.

Hi All,&nbsp; Have any of you been having a problem with depression during all your heart problems? I think that is what is going on with me right now! Even though I know I have to eat right, exercise, control stress, blah, blah, blah, all I really want to do is eat and sit. It's gotten to the point that I HATE thinking about what to fix for meals cause it usually isn't what I really want! Every morning my husband says "got any ideas about breaky?" and I want to scream! I sure don't want to have to go on anti-depressants, but that may be the answer. I was doing so well after the bypass surgery, no depression. But after going through that surgery and then start having problems again I sometimes feel like "whats the use?".&nbsp; I see my doctor on Monday so will let you know how that comes out. I'd be interested to hear from any of you about your problem with depression if you had one, and how you beat it. 
  &nbsp;Hi All, Was just going back on some of the older discussions I had missed.
I had a massive heart attack 8 years ago this month.  I had a blood clot on the main artery in the front, but because I recognized what was happening, I got to the hospital within 15 minutes of the attack.  They gave me a clot-buster shot and within 1 minute I felt fine.  They told me I was in critical condition (I really felt fine) and had to go to Charlotte, NC hospital (20 miles away) and stayed about a week.  Had a stent put in and have not had any trouble at all.  I go every year for the thalium stress test and have done wonderful.  I am a 57 year old female.

i agree with you all i don't no why i do i just fine you all amazing

Hi everyone her is an FYI I learned from my cardio at the last visit&nbsp; a month or so ago--I was telling him when I had my MRI done of my cervical spine that I felt discomfort in my chest and wondered if my stent had moved--He told me that my stents would heat up, (I didn't&nbsp;realize that) becausethey were metal!&nbsp; He said really shouldn't feel it but if anyone was going to feel it it would be me!
Thanks!!  That's a new one on me, but what the heck?! :)  Teri

Hi John, sorry I've been so busy haven't been able to check up on this thread or much on the other ones either. I use the better than eggs brand instead of egg beaters. It is cheaper and I think tastes better.
My son is doing well. He sounded really tired the last time he called my hubby said. He is working 15 hour days 7 days a week at this point so is understandable that he'd sound tired. He says he'll be back in September. That would be really nice. Teri, I think raspberries are the best on waffles. I like to make the buckwheat because they are healthier. I use Hodgson Mill brand. They are pretty good. I mix some flax seed in too with it. I think I'll have a waffle for lunch today after I go lay down. Just got home from my night job. Better go do that. I want to be up to enjoy the beautiful afternoon. 70 degrees today. Barb
Hi John wish I could say that my stent was doing good. I've been having lots of sob and pain the last week. They moved my appointment from May 17 to next Friday. I have an appointment with a stomach doc on May 5th because it hurts when I swallow and feels like stuff is stuck. It was 3 months on April 4th since my stent was put in. I'm a little worried about my son. Haven't heard from him in over a week and I heard yesterday that a Marine was killed on a base in western Iraq by mortar fire. I don't know if he is even in western iraq. All I know is he is only 13 miles from Faluja. Not sure that is spelled right but it was where they had alot of battles and casualties. Well I'm going to send him a moto mail letter today and call his wife to see if she has heard from him. Barb
Hi Barb, I read an article in RD that said drinking grape juice just 6oz a day can keep arteries clear. Barb

I know I got that from the nurse at the heart center when I called too.  For now the nitro seems to be working. If it doesn't go away with that I will be going to the ER. I had to take a nitro tonight again. Don't know what caused that because I was just sitting scrapbooking when the pain and sob started. Only had to take one though and it helped. Well off to bed now. Barb
Thanks Teri, so far so good this morning. I'm going to attempt to take my pup for a walk today. It is going to be 72 out today. I love the warm weather so much. I hope they get me fixed up soon so I can ride my bike, swim and hike. Barb
Had a nice long walk yesterday with no problems. Took it kind of slow though. I love the warm weather. Our pup drives us kind of nuts though she goes out and lays in the sun and then wants back in to cool off and then out again. She's worse than a kid. Barb
Barb:  it seems to me, after multiple surgeries, that the only thing i've found that helps at all is to avoid lifting anything even remotely heavy.  i know that doing so just increases the scar tissue.  if you have any info on food/meds etc that help with that i'd love to know.  i'm the scar tissue queen!  libby


I do feel badly that you had that happen, Lisarose!  Are you doing better now?  Have you had any more problems?  It does sound like you had more than your fair share of problems with this place and I hope you don't have to go there any more!
Thanks Teri.


hi teri,
Hi Libby! :)

Don't feel bad Libby I had no idea how to use this forum at first. I am not that much into the internet myself. I thought it worked more like a chat room but it's a little different. Why don't you give us a lesson on how this forum works exactly Teri. I may learn a thing or 2 myself from it. I hear you there Lisarose. I am lucky I had the ER doc I did that did extra tests because my regular doc kept telling me that I was too young for heart problems. Good thing I went to the ER instead of to see him that day. They told me I would have had a massive heart attack if that had been let go. Women really do have to push to get things done. I look forward to talking to you new ladies more along with all the veteran members. Barb

Hi Libby, Yes my name is Barb. Maybe I can help you out with your question. Right now you are on the thread titled stents within the cardiovascualr forum. If you want to view the other topics you go to the top of this page and click on the purple title Heart and cardiovascular disease and it will bring you to all the other subjects in the heart forum and just click on the one that interests you. Some of them have more than one page too like the stent thread does so you have to click on the page # you want too if the one you want doesn't come up. I'll leave it to Teri to explain what she does here. My health problems started in my 20's about 22 years unless you count my accident at age 16 which has it's own set of unique health problems it created. So I hear you there. I've had some idiot doctors over the years too that if it had not been for another doctor stepping in I would not be here. Most recent case was my regular doc telling me he would have just did the ekg & blood tests and then sent me home and I would have had a massive heart attack with in a short time. At least he was honest about it though. I am searching for a new doc though because he is no longer covered by my new insurance. And if that wasn't enough to make me want to change docs there is also the fact that for the last 5 years he just told me every time I complained of heartburn that there was nothing else that could be done because I had the surgery for it and was on medicine. Now I have pain on swallowing and will be lucky if it is not cancer from all the severe heartburn. I'm talking wakeing up with sore throats and having a scratchy voice from it. I was told by another doc that he should have kept trying meds until he found a combination that worked for me. And believe me they do not treat women the same either. That is one of the reasons that I told them my mom died in a car crash instead of suicide. I told my hubby on the way to the ER that I was going to do that because I didn't want them writing me off as being all in my head. That is what I will tell docs from now on, because years ago I had a doctor tell me it was all in my head when he found out about my mom. Had I not had a specialist at the time for my heart burn problems to go too with the bleeding and diarrhea I would have bled to death or died from dehydration. Turned out I had ulcertive colitis and was having a severe attack. Took 9 days in the hospital to get it all stopped and back to where I could eat and drink again. I go see a gastroenterologist next week to find out what is going on. Just wanted to let you know how very well I understand your frustration because of my experiences over the years with docs. Well I guess that is enough of my rambling for now I need to get to bed. Barb

hi teri,
Hey Libby, on the the 4th it'll be 4 months since my stent was put in and my test last week showed that blood is flowing the way it should through my stent. My doc said usually 6 months is the cut off for restenosis. They weren't going to do the stess test and nuclear study this soon but I had some problems that I now think were side effects from the bp med toporal. I've cut back on it and will see how it goes. I'll let you know. Are you taking Toporal and if so do you have any problems with memory, chest pain, sob, swollen feet? There are many other side effects but those are the ones that I have. Barb T
hi barb and lisarose,

hi teri,
BTaylor, my cardiologist has never mentioned being tested to see if the blood is flowing effectively through my artieries. How often should I be having this, and would I expect my cardiologist only to have this test ordered if I were having problems? I've not had any problems (knock on wood, or any other material that might help) since my stent in 2004. What test did they do to determine that? Was it the nuclear stress test? Thanks, Kathy
 

Hi Teri    xoxo Mary
This thread is awesome, but just getting too huge for anyone to follow easily.  So I'm locking it, please start a new thread if needed.Peter Waite, Founder/Editor
Hello, I'm Jeannie, Moderator on the Fibromyalgia Forum. I don't know if you've read the &quot;2005 Fundraising Drive: Help Support HealingWell&quot; post above but I would like to ask you to help out if you can. I'm not talking to the college students or the financially strapped people here. I'm speaking to the ones of us who can afford to eat out more than once a week and who have paid $60 a month cell phone bills without batting an eye. I own and administer to several domains and websites on the net. I know what bandwidth costs and I understand how much IT (internet technician) services can cost. What many people don't understand is that nothing on the internet is free. Someone must pay for it somewhere, either through advertising, fund raising or out of pocket. There is an initial cost for domain registration, domain hosting (the server who actually contains your website in their large computer), bandwidth cost, (the higher the traffic, the more the bandwidth cost), and ongoing administration of the domain and websites. The advertising will only help pay for the site as long as people click on the information and follow the links. If an advertiser sees that his site is not getting any attention from a certain site they will pull it and advertise elsewhere. Basically there is a shortfall in what is coming into HealingWell vs. how much it costs to keep it running. That is why it's necessary for Peter to ask for donations. He's trying to raise $2000 this year. If you feel that you can help out, please do. The post above explains how to do that. If you can't afford to give anything, that's ok, too. You can still click on an ad every now and then and follow the links. They only want you to read their info and give them a chance. That's why they advertise here. Thanks for your time.
I just wanted to bump this up...  Hugs, Teri :)
Is it possible to donate from outside the US?
I've been searching through the posts, and can not find anything similar to what I am experiencing.THANK you so much for taking the time to read this lengthy post! I appreciate any response, even if just to relate...
I second dancinheart.&nbsp; 
Forgot to mention - to stop tach learn to do a valsalva maneuver.  Bear down like having a bowel movement and hold it for a few seconds.  If a few of those doesn't help, try coughing.  A good burp can also stop it.
Thank you both for the information, I have never heard of GERD, so I will be looking into that definitely! My doctor mentioned nothing of the sort to me, so I will be asking her for information as well. As far as the tach - it only happened that one time because it scared me, my heart has never raced like that since then...if it does, it happens for a min or two and then slows immediately, but it hasn't happened in a couple months.Thank you!
I feel as if I'm going in circles here. I have been monitoring and keeping a food log for the past couple of days, no heart palps as of yet, but I feel like keeping a food log may do no good, I eat pretty much all natural foods, I eat the same thing every morning, I have a routine to drinking my water, and usually I will only eat fresh veggies, fresh cooked meats, and I hardly ever have any refined sugar or any other types of &quot;bad&quot; foods. But even throughout the holiday, I ate things my family made, including pumpkin pie, pecan pie, stuffing, gravy, etc etc and noticed no heart palpitations but still had the gurgling, gas, and other symptoms.Thank you again for all the replies...any other information is always greatly appreciated as I am always excited to see a reply.
I can only say I am so happy to have found this forum, I know I have IBS and GERD, but never felt the palpation's until the other day, and it scared me!! I did notice I had a lot of gurgling in my stomach but was not burping or not to be rude, passing gas..I also noticed with every gurgle i felt a palp.  I do suffer from Anxiety, but I don't think the anxiety kicked in until I felt the palps.  Not that I'm happy anyone else suffers from it but it does make me feel a little better to know I am not alone and crazy..lol..I read a post someone wrote about
Thank you Alcie, I have read a lot on people who have palps due to GERD and IBS, that is why I posted my story....I have even read under IBS symptoms and it says heart palps, i believe it is a vegus nerve that gets irritated.  Thank you for your advice, it is appreciated, my dr. said my heart is fine.  I have suffered from GERD really bad for a long time.  I am 35 yrs old, I have lost 70 pounds , i was very overweight, my GERD has gotten better except when I of course eat what I'm not supposed, u know the temptations..lol....When I read about the palps, I think I actually bring them on.......I did post my story in both GERD and IBS as a new topic and hope to get some feedback. Thank you again!
Hi Everyone, Best Wishes!
I read your story and you are not alone!!! I am on my third Doctor as you read my story, I had my first palpitation at about 179 lbs my height is 5ft 5 inches I also donot take any medications of any sort, so when I started reading your story I thought of myself only, but hang in there sweetie, You'll find a doctor do get to the root of the problem ok. 
Hi, just found this thread so i'll give my experiences here. them which triggers stress then more palpitations just hang in there and try a bit of self help (no drink, illegal drugs or smoking) see the doctor, isolate foods that bloat you or try eating little and often, cut out caffeine, and relax listen to some soothing music its amazing how simple things can have a profound effect.
Years ago, my doctor said this was caused by me swallowing air while drinking fluids, mostly. He suggested I always use a straw when drinking beverages/water. As long as I do this, I rarely have this issue. Hope this helps!
Hi, 
Hi you two, Lettie
Hi Lettie, nice to meet you. My name is Barb and I had a stent put in my heart on January 4th. I'm only 42 and it was a total shock. I was really bummed out after that for about 2 weeks. When those around me started saying stuff about it I decided it was time to get back to my normal upbeat self. It is scary when you have don't know what is causeing the pain and what pain to worry about and what not too. The doctor and even the nurses at rehab couldn't help out with that. The nurse told me to try taking my inhaler first and then the nitro and if it was still there then the ER.  When I went to the hospital I thought my asthma was really bad and thought the shoulder pain and arm pain was my fibromyalgia. So I know what you mean about not knowing what pain is what. Things will get better. My leg pain where they did the cath has finally stopped last week. I was thinking I'd be back to where I could ski by now but last week developed an infection in my foot and some painful lump in the other leg that they have ruled out as a blood clot but don't know what it is. I just do what I can though. I still went to rehab and just went on the stepper instead of the treadmill. I have lots of health problems but try not to think too much about them. Find a hobby that you can do that helps. I do scrapbooking and crocheting and recently got one of those books with the word finds in them. I hadn't done those since I was a kid. It keeps my mind busy with other stuff. Take care and keep in touch. BarbP.S. everyone here is awesome and a big help.
Hi Terri,Lettie
Hi Teri,Lettie

Hi Lettie, yes it's cold up here that's for sure. It was really cold this morning. I would rather live where it's warmer. Perhaps Tennessee some day when my son and his wife move back there when they are done with the Marines. My son called me from Iraq today and is doing well. He requested beef jerky so will have to go get that to add to his box. He's been there a week now. He is a mechanic that works on the humvees and 7 ton trucks. My son is the one with the new baby. His wife is ok but miss's him. You have a wide age range for grandkids. That must make it fun. I had my grandbaby up on my tray table in the hospital. I was only in for 24hours had a stent put in. Have to go to work now. Nice talking to you. Barb
Thanks Teri, I'll pass that along to him. I got him the jerky he requested and I'm going to send it off tomorrow. His aunt already sent a box to him yesterday so I better get going with my box. Well better get to bed so I can get to the post office before it closes at noon. Take Care. Barb
Thanks Terri,
Hi Terri,
Good morning,


Hi Pat and Teri,
Hi Terri,Lettie
Yes I will keep you posted.
We have done that to the pots that I put my plants in also. I also put artificial flowers in my plants to make them look even prettier. You know the baskets with handles that you can buy peaches in, I took those and put aluminum foil on the bottom and put my Philadandrons in them. You can also paint the baskets and put plastic in them instead.Lettie
That's right Terri, and if there is anyway that I can make someones day and give them a smile, I am there.Lettie
Good morning,Lettie
Hi,
Boy when it rains it poors doesn't it? hehehehe  It seems when you get a leak, the problem never stops. The next thing you will have to do is fix the floor. 
Sorry I didn't get back to you yesterday, I was in so much pain in my foot, I just shut down my computer and went and layed down. I ended up in ER last night, because I just couldn't take anymore. They gave me a shot and 2 prescriptions till I can see this other podiatrist on Tuesday. The doctor was really nice. He said the other podiatrist should have taken x-rays. The doctor told me that sometimes heart surgery can cause a little tumor in your foot. He gave it a name, but I forgot it. I have found it on the computer though, when I was looking up foot pain. He also told me to make sure that this podiatrist gives me an orthotic shoe. He said it would release some of the pressure on the inflamatory. He even came back and checked up on me before I left. Not too many doctors do that. I am better today.

Teri,
Hi Teri,
Teri,
Hi Teri,Lettie
Teri,Lettie
Hi Teri,Lettie
Teri, Lettie
Hi Teri,Lettie
Hi Teri,Lettie



Hello Teri.hope you are doing good.headed up your direction friday night.make sure the weather is good for the weekend

I ain't lost.I know exactly where I think I might have been ,possibly anyway perhaps.yeah i think so maybe



I wouldn't bring Brit back to Corpus,she is mad at me most of the time anyway just because I went to a rival school 30 years ago.

Hello, Teri and all. This is Kathy. I know this reply is several days late, but I've been lurking and decided to come out of lurkdom. Hope you all are doing well, too. Keeping you in my prayers, Teri! Hugs, Kathy
Thank you!! I do plan on visiting as often as I can. Hugs, Kathy


Hi Teri, same to you. It was fun talking to you on the phone yesterday until my darned phone died!! LOL. HOpe everyone is having a great weekend!


Hi Teri, today I'll be graduating from cardiac rehab. Yahoo! Still don't have my exercise room in working order so will have to get on that ASAP since it is too cold and dangerous to walk outside. I fell on the ice last week and tore my hand open. It took 15 minutes to get it to stop bleeding. Oh how I wish I could move to a warmer climate. I couldn't get my boots on because that foot is still sore and tennishoes aren't too good on the ice. Hope I won't need boots soon. Talk to you later. Barb
Good Morning Teri--I am peeking in from work--Shame on mepretty soon I will probably won't have to worry about having a job! LOL!  I finally remembered my password--Have a great day ALL!
Good morning all.  I haven't posted on this site for a long time.  I got to work this morning and was just doing a little surfing and I saw &quot;healingwell&quot; and remembered all the good times from a long time ago.  It sure is nice to see familiar &quot;faces&quot; congregating here.


Hi , my name is Brian . Recently I began to play raquetball with my brother . I noticed in between breaksfeel ok , maybe Im paronoid .
Hi Brian, when I went to the hospital the doctor said that the half beat my heart was skipping is just normal for some people and there was nothing to worry about with that, but I did end up having a stent put in my Left decending artery because it was 80-90% blocked. So it is a good thing that the skipping along with the shoulder/arm pain and shortness of breath sent me to the hospital. Stress and lack of sleep tend to make my heart do that. I started having that in my 20's off and on over the years. I'm 42 now. I'd still consult a doctor about it though. You never know what they might find. Take care and keep us posted. Barb
I agree with the others Trent. Sounds like you might have some kind of arrythmia and MOST of them are not dangerous as long as you don't have any other heart problems. So its good to get checked out, especially with a family history of heart disease. Will put your mind at ease too.&nbsp;   Welcome to the board!
Hi Brian, I would definitely have it checked out ASAP since your dad had a heart attack at age 40. Make sure they don't stop at just a blood test and ekg. Mine were normal. The stress test is what showed that I had a problem and then the found the blockage when they did the angio to check it out. I am very lucky they found it because of where it is there would have been alot of damage to the left side of my heart and that's if I would have made it. I never would have known to press for a stress test with the nuclear study. I was ready to go home after they gave me pain meds and said the other tests were normal and it probably was the asthma and the fibromyalgia, but the ER doc I had decided he wanted to do one more test. Thank goodness for that. Take care and get that checked out. Barb
good morning one and all have a great day 


Oh Teri, I'm so sorry you can't go to the funeral. My dad died when I lived in Iowa so I wasn't able to be with him when he was sick. So I know how hard it is to be so far away. Did you grow up in Wisconsin? I did and my husband is from Iowa that's how I ended up living there for 10 years. Wisconsin is much prettier than northern Iowa. Too bad it's not any warmer. I moved back to be by my sisters and extended family. I agree with you life is too short. I could have been dead at 42. It did make most of my family more appreciative of me and all I do for them. Even my little 11 and 7 year old nephews were worried about me. I'm the oldest in my family of 5 girls and since we have no parents left I am the head of the family. I have all the parties and holidays which I love to do. I'm more like a grandma than an aunt to my sisters children. That's ok it got me into practice to be a good grandma. Just wish I was closer to that granddaughter of mine. I sure miss her. Barb
Oh that is an odd coincidence! Do you have your siblings near you? What part of Wisconsin? What branch was your dad in? My dad was army and went to fort McCoy every summer for 2 weeks training for the national guard he was in. I doubt that she'll get any closer than Tennessee where her mommy is from, but 14 hour drive would be a whole lot better than the 24 hour drive to North Carolina coast.



hey teri and every one else just been loofing to day watching the guys dig my well this is there second one 1st was bad so we hoping this one takes thats about it from sunny ga

hello every one just thought drop u a line have a great day




Teri you better start taking better care of yourself girl.I'm gonna sik Brit on ya.she will put ya down for a while
Hi everyone, just returned from my grandma's funeral. It was nice to catch up with family we don't see otherwise. We decided we need to get together other than funerals with that side of the family. Most of us live with in 10 miles of each other so there is no excuse. As we all know here life is to short. We had a nice time talking about our memories of grandma and grandpa's house with our cousin and aunts. My sister and aunt got up and talked about my grandma and how never had a bad word to say about anyone and I had never thought about that but it was true. My aunt also talked about her profound love for grandpa. What neat things to be remembered for.  I would like to aspire to be more like my grandma. Well think it is time for a nap. I'm pretty wore out. Barb

Thanks Teri, it helps to know she is finally free of pain and with my grandpa now and her son. When my dad passed it was very hard on her and thats when she started having signs of the alzheimers. I hope you have as many good memories of your dad as I do about my grandma. It helps to think about that stuff when you miss them. Talk to you later. Have a great day. Barb

And I bet the Easter bunny brought them to you like he did for me!  

That sounds like a recipe I could use! Yum. And I like the way your family works. I love to cook and hate to clean up! Grins.
Sounds like you both didn't do too bad. We still did baskets at my house even though my youngest is 18. She would have had a fit if we wouldn't have. I filled her basket, a small one with chocolate candy, I snitched one. I made her take it down stairs so I wouldn't do anymore of that. I put scrapbooking supplies in my basket and my hubbys. I gave him a few candies too though. I had to mail my granddaughters basket to NC. I sent her mommy a few things too. My son got his box in Iraq last week. Glad it made it on time. We had all my sisters over for easter. The 3 older kids had a egg hunt outside. The 2 one year olds were so cute. We did their egg hunt inside. They caught on so fast. It was just adorable. My hubby got them on tape and I got pictures. Those will be fun to scrapbook. Have a great day. Barb

Teri, I'll keep you in my prayers, as well as everyone else who is going through trying times. 

How exciting about the new baby, Teri! Congratulations!

&nbsp;
&nbsp;
good morning all felin lots better today really sore upper   chest so went to resp had the check my lungs cause they hurt when i breath he said they were clear porably the dye or from them poking and proding for 4 hours other thanthat its a great day



&nbsp;
Hi everyone, hope you are all enjoying spring. I've been out for walks this week with my dog. It's got up into the 50's. Tuesday I pulled my little car out of the yard and got it to the transmission place. I hope they can fix it soon. I can't afford gas for the full size van anymore. We try to fit as many things into one trip as possible. Had to put my hamster to sleep Thursday. Her chest tumor was so big it was starting to affect her breathing. I felt so bad when she was sitting there eating before I handed her over. Hey Teri, I got another box sent off to my son in Iraq. I talked to him Thursday. He told me that he only spends $100 a month over there so he has paid off one credit card and almost has the other one and his loan paid off. I'm so proud of him. Once those are paid they will pay off his wifes cards. His pay is doubled over there and is tax free. He plans on getting out when his time is up December 11, 2005. Talk to you all later. Have a great day. Barb
Oh don't remind me about the cooling off thing. I just wish it would stay warm. I went for a nice long walk today with my hubby and dog. Tomorrow it will be almost 60 so want to give my dog a bath and put her in the sun to dry. She loves to lay in the warm sun. I'm hopeing to get my van washed too. It's quite a job. I take a mop with a bucket of hot water and murphys oil soap and clean it that way. Good exercise plus you get to be outside. I'm going to get my bike out and get it ready to ride. Talk to you later. Barb

Well, I just wanted to tell everyone that I've found the love of my life! I'm the happiest I've been in 4 years despite my health problems! Yea.... lol, sorry I couldn't help it :) Take care everyone and God Bless!
Miss Teri  I am going to leave eary today  to take some food to everyone at my house--I am told we won't be hooked back up until tomorrow night-YUK!-- Some April Fool Joke HUH???HUGS!  Star



yeah sure you were just paying me no mind i know hows yren birds doing and yer husband and kids fine i hope sometime when you ain't busy would like to talk to you about these stents ok





My chest gets a little tight, but that's how my asthma is and I do have alergies. My asthma is mostly brought on when I exercise. It usually happens when bike rideing or skiing but have had it a few times when walking and hikeing. The asthma really complicates things as you know. If I have any more problems with it I'll have it checked out. I might try riding my bike this afternoon uptown to get my check. So I'll see how things go with that. Want to get a walk in today with my hubby and pup too. Oh so much to do and so little time. I'm going to take a nap now, just got home from work. I've been trying hard to get more sleep. Talk to you later. Barb
hey all no its late but good day any way have a great tommorow




Hi Teri, yes I've been useing the albuteral inhaler. It helps some but not as much as usual. After last night I am calling the doc on Monday to push for having that stress test moved up. I was at a scrapbooking workshop and started to have some aching in arm, shoulder and then neck and jaw. It wasn't really bad or anything. Oh my chest hurt too right in the middle but I have been having pain there when swallowing certain foods so thought it was that. It got to where I just felt kind of shakey and weak too. By the time I got home it was worse so I took a nitro and called in to work. I got an instant headache. A really bad pounding one. I don't many headaches and never one that fast so it scared me and I called nurse direct. She told me I had to take 2 more before I could go to the ER. I took another then even though I really really didn't want to after what the first one did and my head was still throbbing. The second one made the veins in my face throb and I could feel them in my stomach too. It was so awful. The chest and other pains did seem to be getting better so I just left it at that and didn't take another. I was so wiped out that I went to bed after that. I woke up at 5am and didn't feel good again. I took my inhaler and put heat on my shoulder and went back to sleep. What happens if you don't take a nitro pill and you should? Also what happens if you take one when it isn't really your heart, because I sure can't seem to tell what pain is from what. When I went to scrap booking today they were having $5 dollar massages so I had her do my neck and shoulders and I do seem to feel better tonight. I almost skipped my walk today because of all that but decided I would just walk slower. It went pretty good. I've lost 4 pounds this week with all the walking and other exercise combined with lots of fruit and veggies. I'm wondering too if some of the pain is from all the crunches I did because my ribs are extremely sore and my stomach muscles. Oh it's all so confusing. Confused in Wisconsin (a.k.a. Barb)
Hi Teri, I'm working on my scrapbook room today to get it all set up so we can work on our books nightly. My hubby and I both love it and it's very relaxing. I just got the TV from our bedroom put in there so we can watch our favorite shows at night instead of sitting in our chairs. I have 2 5 foot tables set up in there and some shelves.&nbsp;We want to get my daughters book done for her graduation present so we are really going to have to work on that one. Well back to work for me. Barb&nbsp;
Hi Barb!
Hi Teri, I called my cardio today and they moved the stress test up from the 17th of May to the 19th of April. I feel better about that with the recent problems I'm having. I also made an appointment with a new doc in my new health network because of the pain in chest when swallowing. She is actually a physicians assistant but is very good at what she does. I was impressed with the way she took care of my hubby last year. She'll have to send me to a gastroenterologist for a scope though. I haven't had one done in 4 years so guess it is time. I go to that appointment tomorrow. I don't have your e-mail address, but if you give it to me I'll be glad to give you tips and answer any questions about scrapbooking. I've been doing it for 3 years now and am really addicted to it. I have about 10 different books in the works right now. So I have plenty to do. Well time to go for my daily walk with hubby and dog. Talk to you later. Barb

hey all another rainy day in ga hope every one is doing ok. ben have a little more cp the last couple of days and sob don't no why&nbsp; have not done any thing different oh well i guess just live with it there going to check my stents out in two months see how they are doing later folks i have talked enough 



Hi Teri, almost noon and haven't had to take my nitro or inhaler so far. That may all change though once I go downstairs to bring up supplies here at work. Stairs are my enemy these days it seems. Well back to work and then off to lunch for me. Hope your little guy is doing well. Barb

Hi Teri, still no problems yet today with pain and breathing. Haven't been down the stairs yet though either. I may get out of the stairs at work but will have to go down at home to take my daughters dog out before leaving for our friends house for the evening. No cooking for me tonight. That will be a nice break even though I do love to cook. I'll have to start a thread on heart healthy recipies. I've been getting some wonderful ones off the computer. I have a little great niece that opens her mouth like a bird for food. She is so cute. I love babies of any kind. They are so cuddly and cute. We are supposed to reach 70 up here in Wisconsin this weekend. It's 60 something today and feels pretty nice. I may attempt a walk after work. Probably just a short one depending on how I feel. Catch you later. Barb

Hi Teri
 
Hi all I started a heart healthy foods thread and listed my favorite chicken recipie. Hope you enjoy it and I look forward to hearing from you and getting new ideas to try. Barb

Hi OKD glad to see your still hanging in there like the rest of us. I guess we're just too tuff to do anything else but hang on. It helps to keep a sense of humor. Hey Teri yes my son says they are awful. They have to put on goggles and climb under the trucks quick. When it's over their ears are packed with sand. He said they even had a small one come right into the shop where he works on trucks and humvees. I'm so glad he called because by accident I heard part of the news Friday morning and they said a Marine was killed on one of the bases in Western Iraq. I try not to watch the news as soon as the weather is over I turn it off. I had no Idea where in Iraq he was except it was 13 miles from Faluja. He is in Western Iraq but it wasn't his base. He said they don't hear any gunfire or bombing. That is reassuring. I tried not to worry him too much about my health. I told him they'd fix me up if something is wrong again. I'll send him a motomail as soon as they find out what is wrong and what they will do. It's so neat what they can do with the computer now days to get letters to the troops. Well as soon as I'm done with work I'm going to try for another long walk today. Talk to you later. Barb
   


You too, Teri, and all. I just now turned my computer on (five forty p.m.). I have been dealing with allergies and after taking 2 benedryl, all I wanted to do was veg all day. Too bad I had to work, haha. But not until this afternoon. Hope everyone is enjoying the same beautiful spring weather that I am!

hello all just thought i'd drop in say hey to ya been feelin soso hope all well with all of you 
hey Barb I take it our son is a Marine--my son is a Marine too&nbsp; his tour is up though I know how you feel and if you are anything like I was CNN was on at my house 24-7 he used to call me about every ten days his CO didn't know where he was but I did--Be proud of him and the job he is doing--!&nbsp; MARINES ARE SPECIAL!!

Hi all, yes Star my son is a Marine and so is his wife. I try to avoid listening to any news about Iraq. It just upsets me so why bother. I listen to the weather and then turn it off most of the time. It was hard enough to watch when my son wasn't over there. Everytime I hear a service man or woman has died it is upsetting. I agree with you Marines are very special. They are a very tuff bunch. My son finished boot camp with a broken foot. I know a number of them from the senior center where I work and they are very special too. Good to see every one else here too. I've been busy working on my daughters scrapbook every night this week. Trying to keep my mind off my health problems. I go tomorrow to get the stress test done at the heart lung center. Hope the figure out what is going on. Got my little Saturn sports coupe back Tuesday. My hubby and me went for a joy ride with the windows down and the sun roof open. It was great. I feel like a race car driver in that little thing after driving around a full size van for 6 months. It didn't start after I got done with work this morning but my daughter skipped school and came and got me. She brought me home so I could sleep and then picked up her dad and boyfriend to go work on it. Turned out to be just a battery. That was a relief. Well I'm off to take a nap since my pup woke me up at 11am. I'll let you all know how my test goes. Barb
Hey BC, great to see you here. That is so cool your son is a Marine too.   Did he have to go to Iraq? I pray for our troops every day too. I am very proud of my son and daughter in law. Hows your health lately? I go tomorrow for a stress test to see whats going on. Hope they figure it out. If you don't hear from me tomorrow it means they kept me at the hospital. You never know what they'll decide to do. Talk to you later. Barb

Hi all just back from the heart center. Not my idea of a fun morning. I won't know until Monday what they found out. She said there were some things that showed up on the ekg when I was on the treadmill but the scans won't be in until Monday. That is what will really show if there is a problem. It's cold up here in Wisconsin today. Only in the 40's and cloudy. Oh well good day for a nap and scrapbooking. Barb

Hi Teri, we had some flurries last night and 29 this morning. Brrrrrrrrr! I hate the cold. I'm going to brave the cold to go to the dog park with my daughter. It's up to 40 today with lots of wind. I'll get my exercise in that way. Oh Teri you should see the cute disney album and embelishments they have for disney trip from Creative memories. That would be really cute to do a separate album for her disney trip. Talk to you later. I'm off to the dog park. Barb
Yes it is. I got really cold at the dog park. I should have had mittens and a hat because the wind was so strong and cold. My little dog had a blast. She didn't seem to care about the little dogs but she played with my daughters dog and some of the other big dogs. She got some good exercise in. My little car is covered in hair from daugters dog. I swear if he doesn't stop loseing hair he'll be bald soon. I think I'll bring my dog there again when my daughter goes. I got some good walking in myself. We might go Monday afternoon. It is supposed to be in the 50's. A heat wave for us. We hit 70's and even 80 last week. They say in Wisconsin if you don't like the weather wait a minute and it will change. Ha Ha. I've come to believe it myself after all these years. Catch you later. Barb
good morning we had a frost last night so had to cover up my garden when I got home from church and also uncovered it we saw 3i last nioght high today 72 and rest of week up in the low 80's weird and wacky weather this year but it comes in sweeps like 40 years ago alot of hurricanes and this season alot too. Teri I am off to my doctors one at 1:20 on at 2:20 for all my good lab tests hopefully no more giving blood for a whuile will let you all know how stress test and Bone Density test went got to go still cold herwe only 5. Teri let us kow when brittany arrives safe adn sound in Fla.

Hi Teri, we brought the dogs again yesterday and had fun. Not as much exercise since my hubby didn't have his scooter and too hard to push in his chair on the grass. Our van wouldn't start so couldn't bring the scooter. My daugters boyfriend is going to work on it for us. Had the battery tested and that's not the problem. It might be a starter celenoid. Hope that is it because it is only $7.99 from the parts store and then it will cost me a meal to pay Joel off for the work. Pretty cheap labor and I like to cook anyway. No walk today because by the time I got done with CPR training and EAD training it was cold and rainy. The EAD device was really neat. It tells you every thing you need to do and determines if the person needs a shock or not. It even tells you how to do CPR. Hope I never have to use it but it will come in handy if it is needed. Well I'm off to bed now. Have to work tomorrow. Barb
Good Morning y'all!

Hi Teri, we managed to get the van into the driveway. Turns out it is the starter unfortunately. Joel and his friend took it to his friends house where they have all the tools and even a lift but they couldn't get the starter off. Joel is going to see if his brother can get it off at the truck garage where they work on the trucks they drive for a delivery service. Not sure how much of a help that will be since an air wrench was even tried in an attempt to get it off among other things. Can't really afford to pay someone to fix it. It already cost $140 for the part. Once we bring them the old starter they will give us back $40 of it. I still owe Joel a meal. His favorite thing is chicken so will make something with that once he gets my van fixed. It sure doesn't look very&nbsp;nice out for a walk today. Brrrrrr    
Wow - What a day!&nbsp; Mass went better than expected...not as sore as I thought from that.&nbsp; I still had my assisstant bring my kids to art - I don't want to do stairs right now.&nbsp; I'm so tired right now!&nbsp; I've been having some major chest pain today.&nbsp; I had to leave the basketball game this afternoon it hurt so bad.&nbsp; And Teri, yes...before you ask...I called my cardio's office.&nbsp; The nurse agreed with my thoughts on the matter - My heart has just had some trauma and it's reacting to that.&nbsp; She said to take some advil or naprocin and to call back if the pain got worse or if it hurt bad tomorrow.&nbsp; I can deal with slight discomfort but I felt like a truck slammed in to me during the basketball game - and all I was doing was cheering the teachers!&nbsp; Oh well.&nbsp; I still feel great.&nbsp; No tachy today!&nbsp; Woohoo!!!&nbsp; Two days post ablation and no tachy!&nbsp; I'm about as tickled as they come over that.&nbsp;    
WooHoo, Lil and yes, thanks for calling the Dr.'s office today!! lol
Barb, we're hoping to get up to Wi. this summer, I sure hope it's not snowing then! lol  Hugs, Teri :)
  &nbsp; myJAX CERT ( jacksonville Community Emergency Response&nbsp; Team) where we help out Jacksonville Fire and rescue (JFRD) in all tyhpes of emergies is going great 2 weks of&nbsp; light search and rescue 2 weks of&nbsp; Terriosim drills and one week left of first aid. well i was asked since I use to be in the medical field years agoo to please&nbsp; got o South campus on Friday this Friday from 2 to?????? to particapate in a fire drill getting CERT out their for NE Florida to see by putting out fires, doing search and rescue and&nbsp; Doing First Aide so on with the jeans long sleeved top and steel toed shoes on Friday to go to that and Sat I'll be resting but I like it and I love it keeps me busy. any other ideas on how to celebrate my 50th rather than tandum skydiving? something that I can llok back on and remmebr along time from now.

sorry i put that in the wrong place oh well like i said i am feeling alot better today i played basketball with grandson he won i am not to fast any more hope every body is well have a nice thurs

i deleteded it cause it was in the wrong place agina is little better. i think the stents are helping still having sob and arm pain really bad while playing ball my son yelled at me for playing but i told him to hushlolo you were seeing things ole girl
Ha Ha :)
i thought that was pretty good lolo



Hey Teri, I hope it's not snowing this summer up here either. We hope we have a warmer summer than last year. I only got to go swimming a few times last year it was so cold. Summer is my favorite season. My hubby threatend to not go camping Memorial weekend if it doesn't warm up. I told him he had to because we have reservations. We'll just have to have big fires and if it gets too bad we'll have to squeeze into my sisters camper where she has a gas heater. We don't have heat in our van because there is no electric on our site. At night we bring my hubbys scooter over to the hosts site to plug in. We got our van up and running again for 56 labor and 100 for the starter. They also found a cheap way to fix our oil leaks vesus $800 that the other place told us it would cost. As soon as I'm done with work we are going to dog park with our daughter and our dogs. My hubby is so excited he will have his scooter this time. I plan on getting alot of exercise. Today is the day I started back on my healthy diet and exercise program. I'll keep you posted on how that is going. I should really lose about 80 pounds but would be happy if I could get rid of at least 60. Talk to you later. Barb


my folks live in Ind and they even had snow and we live in NE Florida and had frost now storms a coming in today i got wash to do, getting first aide kit ready to bring Tuesday night and&nbsp; a ton of stuff to do bakeing a&nbsp; aproicot raisin crisp for Sundy night for Scott and indi our minister of music has to step down his wife has a bad kidney disease that if she gets a cold or infection it could kill her so he is takeing time off to be with her and they are haveing a reception after church Sunday night so I figure heart healthy low fat low cholesterol no sodium and low sugar.

hey all hope ya all a nice day rained here. been feeling pretty good only used 4 nitro today ben having pain on my upper right chest differ huh but nitro took care of it 


Hi All!







Way to rock, Heidi!!  Sounds to me like you are gifted in many areas~I'm so glad that things are going your way!!

This thread is awesome, but just getting too huge for anyone to follow easily.  So I'm locking it, please start a new thread if needed.Peter Waite, Founder/Editor




Teri, that is a good site isn't it? Keep well!
i have chf as well you know but i don't take the meds you do ef was 35 last weeklowest ever been wander what that means teri oh teri i have missed you tex so sorry for your lost praying for you

Hi Teri,




Hi terry, you, too, Steve and the others. I am new here. My 15yr heart history was briefed in my info thread under &quot;toot-toot&quot; which was posted todaytoots
3 weeks ago I was in the ER/hospital with takotsubo cardiomyopathy. Since then I've been looking for information and to connect with others to share this experience. Little is written about post-care, activity, what to expect in the immediate aftermath, etc. I've been having pain in the chest area, tiredness, some anxiety. Does anyone else out there have this disorder? How are you dealing with it? I know I will recover, but getting there is the trick! Any information and personal sharing would be helpful. Thanks - GrammyLo
I got the thrill of a lifetime almost 3 weeks ago by going to the ER and finding it wasn't a heart attack I was having.....it was takotsubo cardiomyopathy!&nbsp; Never heard of it, and the ER staff said they only see it about twice a year.&nbsp; How lovely to be able to give them something unusual to treat for a change.
Hi there, It has been four months now since I had the Takotsubo incident. Very confronting but am reassured to know the prognosis is good.  I do have questions about the treatment regime. I have noticed I am significantly fatigued and wonder if any of the drugs I have been prescribed are responsible. Any one else having this experience?
I had a PFO closed a year ago with an amplatzar device and have to have open heart surgery to remove it. I'm trying to find anyone who has had to have surgery following a PFO closure. ANYONE? ANYONE?
Thank you. No It did not come dislodged. I had many other complications. Basically I went from being a very healthy, athletic,and active person to being constantly sick with one thing after another. I had the surgery after a TIA to prevent a future stroke. Unfortunately, I am still at risk and I am suffering greatly with other health problems related to the implant. It has been a terrible experience, one that has robbed me of the quality of life I once had. All this, after being told that I would be &quot;able to resume my normal activities within a few days after the procedure&quot;.  my life.
There have been reports of people having devices removed, in fact I thought that I had read of someone having a device removed here on the forum in the past.That would indicate that there have been a number of people who have had the devices removed.  I hope your surgery goes well T2C2, best wishes for a great outcome and speedy recovery!
No experience with that here Buzz and I say (cautiously) that my stabbing sensation seems to have subsided a bit though I'm still a bit low on Oxygen intake it seems, no matter how hard I work. My  TEE is coming up in August.
I had an 18 mm aplatzer pfo closure device put into me around may 2010.
&nbsp;
ok i will do that 
BC!!  I'm sure you will~Take care, my friend!!  Teri :)
This is an important topic being on a cardiovascular board, and anyone who has questions if you are having these symptoms?!  Call 911-don't continue to read this!!
so good and true even fatigue, flu like symptoms aches in your jaw or upper arm could be an angina attack too I know women have different symptoms too hence why i have a new cardio Doctor my regular doctor name i willnot say his&nbsp; Physicans assistant is a dumb ill educated stupid PA he tole me I was haveing back pain etc down below 1-5 then he&nbsp;sent me home with IB 800 millgrams 2ce a day 2 tablets I had a silent heart attack my first one I was on the Or table but with my second one
Wow so many of these symptoms I have had along with the pain

This is probably somewhere among the various subjects-sorry if I'm creating redundancy.Rudy
Hi Teri.  No history of heart disease or rheumatoid arthritis.  In my case, when the CRP reading jumps a wee bit, and the doctor advises me I just respond 'tendonitis, infected tooth, non-specific immune system glitch' and he leaves me alone.  I can understand if the inflammation is in the arteries and plaque builds up around it that one should be concerned.Rudy
what is c reaction protein?

PS...

Hi Teri! Yes i think it was on cbs news during the winter months.  I asked my endo and cardio about that and i was told the supplement was ok as long as i didn't try to take over 400 ius.When i go to my drs appts i take all my meds and supplements with me so the dr can review them and advice.  Vitamin E  is what i use instead of asprin.  Asprin caused my stomach to bleed so i stopped taking it.
Hi Teri!, Yes im doing good.  I've started my walking regimen again.  I try to walk at least three miles daily for six days.  Im taking clonidine, verapamil and torsemide for bp.  My bp has finally started to reduce since i started back exercising.Well, stay well and keep posting those very informative articles.
re: vitamin E:&nbsp; help or hurt?
I take a multivitamin with 33 IU's in it..it's a &quot;for over 50&quot;. lol  Guess they figure that's all we need! :)
PS...Libby, what else are you researching??  Enquiring minds, ya know?! :)  Teri

Is this something that you are doing on your own?  Please share what you've learned!?

Thanks for sharing your knowledge, Libby-I do appreciate that!! :)  I've not gone quite as indepth, but I've learned a lot these past several years, and I agree with the HDL being a bigger risk factor-I've had low HDL since my heart attack 7 yr.'s ago...that's why I'm so proud that it's now 72!  I still take 1 mg. of prescribed Folic Acid since my MI as my homocystine levels were way off-now it's fallen back in place as well. :)  that VLDL is like &quot;Very Likely (a)  Devlish Lipid&quot;! lol
hi teri,
Libby, I can't honestly tell you for sure, but as I've mentioned before, since my bypass in Aug., '04-I've stopped caffeine of all kinds, eat lots of  fruit and yogurt for breakfast, or whole grain cereal (daily).  I drink lots of water!  I eat very little red meat, mainly cuz I've just lost the taste for it.  Those are the basics.  
Hang in there Foat Worth Gal!! lol

and I've been cheating a lot lately...something about comfort food and stress...  Hugs, Teri :)
PS  Have you seen this site yet?  

I don't know...lol  Teri :)


&nbsp;

well ani't you the smartone   went cardio today he was happey withe the results the doc got going to check the stents in may by cath to make sure they ok told me to lose weight i said okylolo but that is about all he said that i remember
&nbsp;
BC in Ga!!  :)
I had Atrial flutter that would just about bring me to my knees and when it happened, I could not do much. Came on all of a sudden 3 days after 9/11 while walking (usual 3 miles) with my wife and dog. (I wonder if living 30 miles from 9/11 and seeing the smoke on the horizon had anything to do with it??)  Went through 5 cardioversions attempting  to shock it back to good rhythm and 4 different meds to try to control it, to no avail.  (This was over a period of 8 months. Finally got referred to a good EP who did the Catheter Ablation.  Took about 5 hours. I am on no meds now,  and 98% of the time everything works ok, but it gets a little squirrelly once in a while, but goes back to good rhythym...  Ablation procedure was not that bad,  catheters in both sides of the groin, plus in the neck. Really cold in the room and the anesthesia gave me a horrible headache and hangover for a couple of days, though.... Just wanted you to know what it is all about.....Thanks  Oh yeah, I got the ablation on May 2, 2002, and got downsized 2 weeks later. Nice company, the big computer company with the first letter I. Been hit or miss working since.







I'm sure thinking of you this morning, Lil!!!  Big Hugs, Teri

Hi Lilac,
Welcome to our cardiac forum Dana! :)Teri :)
Thank you for the welcome Teri,
Hi y'all!

That is great lil,
Lil, hope you are doing alright tonight?!~and that your days are much happier ones now.
I'm ok.&nbsp; The chest pain I talked about in the other thread has been pretty much constant.&nbsp; Plus, I have the hiccups and they won't go away!    If I still hurt this bad tomorrow, I'm gonna call my cardio's nurse back and see what else I can do.&nbsp; 

Off Topic~Hiccups...
Pain not as bad today.&nbsp; Still tired and sore.&nbsp; And still no tachy.&nbsp; YAY!!!&nbsp; I'm so happy.&nbsp; I can't wait until this weekend so I can rest.&nbsp; I think that will help with all the soreness.&nbsp; :)
Yabbadabbado!! :)


I only had my SVT for about 6 monts before I had the ablation.  I know, it seems a bit rushed, but because I am young, I felt that the ablation would be better to help avoid a lifetime of meds.  Plus, when I had a bad episode, it was pretty difficult to get it to stop, even in the ER.  (One ER trip I was given 5+ meds to stop the tachycardia before one finally worked).  Like LilacGal, I too am having a fair amount of soreness at the catheter sites in my legs and neck, but nothing too bad.


Hey...I'm good.&nbsp; Still tired and sore.&nbsp; I was told to expect to feel that way for 7-10 days.&nbsp; yuck.&nbsp; I'm a little worried.&nbsp; After I woke up this morning, I felt my heart give an all to familiar lurch.&nbsp; My pulse went up to 130.&nbsp; That's my first experience with tachy since the ablation.&nbsp; Granted, it's not the pulse of 230 that I was dealing with before but I'm still a little worried bc I wasn't doing anything to cause that.&nbsp; Just have to watch and see if it happens again.


Lil, I thought I had replied to this thread a few days ago, but I don't see it now! But reading your latest message about your experience, I wanted to tell you to hang in there. I've never had this and it sounds frightening! I'll keep you in my prayers and hope that that it was nothing. Well, it was something. It was at the very least, very scary! But you know what I mean! Hugs,

I'm doing alright.&nbsp; I'm only sore now when I walk up stairs.&nbsp; :)



Lil,

I know.&nbsp; :)&nbsp; 
Hello my fellow Ablation club members...I had mine done exactly one week ago today and man I'm glad I did. I've had absolutly no problems with my heart since the proceedure and I'm feeling pretty well.Thanks guys, and I'm glad I found you.
Thanks guys...it's good to know other people have been thgouth the same issues and came out on the other side. Thanks again for the warm welcome.



Hello selanne8...thanks for asking. I'm having a better day today, although it seems to be something different everyday. I have been off my beta blocker for 2 full days now and even though I tappered off slowly per my doc, my heart is still hyper-sensitive and starts beating fast (only 85-90 bpm) considering I've been used to 60-74 bpm, it feels really fast. I wonder how long it takes for the heart to realize--no more beta blocker--my doc didn't put me on any holter and he said I didn't even really need to do a follow up unless I needed to. I'm just believing he got it for good and I don't have to worry. selanne8, I'm glad to hear your doing so well, I'm sure our &quot;leg&quot; issues will fade with time. The important thing is no more SVT!!!!

Hi Lil


LilacGal: I'm sorry too that you're having problems. I'm sure your heart is still recovering, remember just a few weeks ago you had several wires inside your heart and it's just going to take some time. You'll get through this.&quot;it's not life threatening&quot;...

Well, I finally heard back from my docs nurse and they said that the symptoms I am having are perfectly normal. He explained that since I had an extra pathway my heart was used to sending signals across it and now that it's been ablated there's nothing there for it to cross and this creates the pounding sensation while my heart figures out it needs to go the right direction. So if I had not had the ablation, I would have likely had to take a trip to the er today. That said, it's still very freaky when it happens but he assured me I was in no danger. He did recommend I go back on my beta blocker at a lower dosage until I get all healed up.So LilacGal...whats the word? Everything OK? Let us know soon. Still praying for you.http://www.healingwell.com/community/emoticons/eyes.gif

Hey Lil, I'll be thinking of you tomorrow, good luck with the play!!









Hey Teri - yes, my monitor is hooked up to my all the time.&nbsp; It's two leads so not too much to mess up.&nbsp; When I feel an event, I push the record button and it will save the 30 seconds prior to when I pushed the button and then the event.&nbsp; The monitor I have is set to automatically record certain events in case I don't know they're happening at the time, if I'm asleep, if I pass out, etc.&nbsp; I know it's set to auto record afib (which I've never had), bradycardia events (also not my problem and I don't know how slow my heart has to be to trigger that automatically), and tachycardia events.&nbsp; The tachy I know is set at 150 bc I've asked the techs when I call in my events.



Hey ilashes...welcome aboard!Good luck and remember there is hope for you...YOU TOO Lil! Hang in there and keep us posted.











OK Lil, we're all waiting to hear your report. I know you're looking forward to no more school for a while. Good luck.


Hi Juliette, yes my ablation is in three weeks.&nbsp; I can't believe I forgot to put the date in there!&nbsp; All that info (my longest post ever I think) and I forgot the date.&nbsp; :sigh:&nbsp; So much for proofreading!&nbsp; lol
Lil, my thoughts are with you and I hope that this 2nd ablation is completely successful!!  It must get frustrating and scary with this continuing, when you thought it was over with...??

Just got back from my Cardiac Ablation today!  Went in for SVT and walked out with an ablation for atrial flutter.  They never could induce the SVT/bigemeny.  This is what I can't understand.  I have PSVT documented on 2 holter monitors and 1 event monitor, along with SEVERAL rhythms of bigemeny.  None of that showed during the course of pacing/medicine stimulated heart beats...  I'm confused!
Welcome MooseManDan!&nbsp; 
Thank you for the warm welcome.  I'm fairly knowledgeable in the medical field, however, this one throws me for a loop.  When I went to the EP Dr, I was told I have three problems and they would only be able to fix one of them.So technically, I still have 3 problems and had a total of 4.  You try and get some pliers in life and life throws you a monkey wrench!  *smile*  :)
Hi MooseManDan! :)

Thank you to all.  I haven't felt the heart rate speed up since the ablation and I'm off the 75mg of Topral XL.  This is great!  I have felt a flutter now and then in the chest, which makes me wonder if the atrial flutter is trying to come out.  I hadn't had the flutter feeling in the past.  Might be time for another holter.  Again, thanks for all the warm welcomes.
Lil, my friend, you've been through a lot for your short life with all the extras added in.&nbsp; You know I'm with you in thought and spirit always, but especially now!!



I hope this finds everyone well.....I am now 4 weeks post ab yee haw...has anyone else noticed running a low grade temp through this healing process?
Thanks Teri: Yea, it's barely even 99 I just feel a bit &quot;warm&quot; so I'm thinking it's just a healing thing. Thanks for the info.





Bump...  :)
i  would like that please count me in
Thanks!  Teri :)

&nbsp;   
&nbsp;

I have all of the above and then some as you know Teri. Here's another question for you. What if you get the shoulder, arm, neck pain thing? I rarely get the chest pain. Once in a while I get pain that my asthma inhaler relieves but that is when exercising I've had that for years since I was diagnosed in 2000 with asthma. Confused in Wisconsin.
PS  Let the Doctor's make the diagnosis!

Hi all, thanks for your responses. Do any of you have a kind of pressure feeling on your chest when laying down? I feel like I can't breath. I've had to take my inhaler and nitro for that. It helps for a while but seems to come back. I couldn't walk yesterday. It took me forever to get back home because my inhaler wasn't working and I was afraid to take the nitro after what it made me feel like Friday night. I did take one when I got home and in my chair. Only made it a few blocks tonight. This really sucks because I really had my endurance up there for walking. I go next week to have my stress test done again. I think I will call them again and let them know all the problems I'm having so maybe he'll do the nuclear study also. I want them to figure out what is wrong with my heart so they can go onto figuring out what is wrong with my esophagus. The Physicians assistant I saw today said the gastroenterologist won't touch me until they say my heart is ok. Which I guess I can understand. This is all really frustrating because at the present time I am trying to convince my work to hire me on full time so insurance is cheaper and can maybe quit my night job. I have been waiting 5 years for the other lady to quit so I could do this but they have to submit a proposal to city council to vote on. Some people are against it because it will cost the city more for my insurance, but at least I have my boss on my side. Talk to you all later. Barb
Hi Gordon I always sleep on a wedge because of my acid reflux disease but I still feel like I can't breath when I lay down this last week. Even putting my chair back makes me feel like I can't breath. Well hopefully I'll find out next week if it is my heart or something else. So far the only thing wrong with my heart was a major blockage of the LAD which was fixed with a stent on 1/4/05. I'm hopeing it isn't closeing back up. I hope they find something to help you out with your heart problems. You never know what they may come up with. Barb



I began feeling &quot;skipped beats&quot; a few months ago and was given a 24 hour holter monitor. I was then told that I was experiencing PVCs and not to worry. I would get 40 or 50 a day and I tried very hard to just block them out. This is EXTREMELY difficult for someone like me with a panic disorder. These PVCs are the worst. They are so scary! Especially when you get two and three in a row! Can anyone else relate? Does anyone else have PVCs AND a panic disorde? If so, do you have any advice? I'm desperate. Thanks.
Veestarlet,
Sorry, I haven't read the replies so I may post something already said.I took it and have had ZERO noticeable PVCs since.  I know that there is a chance I may still have them at times but I thank God for the reprieve!
I was diagnosed with PVCs last week, after complaining to my heart doctor that I was having palpatations. He increased my dosage of Nadalol (beta blocker). Well it made the PVC less noticeable but I get really tired, and short of breath  and yesterday I felt like I was going to pass out at the grocery store. I don't know which is worse. I tend to have more PVCs after I eat. They seem to go away after I burp at least for a little while. I hear from people that PVCs are benign but they are scary to me. Is there any help out there that might work instead of the beta blocker?   
Do not take medication or supplements of magnesium without talking to your doctor. It could be harmful. A word of warning, don't experiment with things like potassium and magnesium  without a doctors supervision. Too much potassium can be deadly. Don't take it  unless your doctor says you're low and only then, in the doses he prescribes.
&nbsp;
I'm buming this one back up for ya'll to look at!  Hugs, Teri :)

&nbsp;
I have also heard that.  It suppose to have the good fat.  My question is 'how would you prepare an avacado?&quot; i've never eaten an avacado, any good recipes or suggestions?
no they ain't teri!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


Fish oil supplements also helps with cholesterol.  Also my dietitian suggested in add soy to my diet for diabetes.  I eat those soyburgers.  They're pretty tasty with lettuce and tomatoe.
I cut the avacodo in half scoop out the big seed. you can make a nice houselnt out of the seed I have been told take 4 toothpicks place them around the seed put the pointedtip up the flat part of the seed down in a little cup of water and it will sprout when big enough put it in some potting soilminus the toothpicks and watch it grow.
ok this is from what would jesus eat cookbook 


I've heard the same thing.  I tried grape juice for a month, but the sugars got me.  So now i just eat seventeen grapes per day. The dark grapes that is.  I hate fruit, but i like good health. lol

You are funny, Heidi! :)


I just wanted to bring this back up for the newer members.  Teri :)
&nbsp;
Hi Everyone!  I'm bumping this back up as I feel it's worthwhile for others to see some of these healthy food articles!


Bumping this up for newer members to see...Hugs, Teri :)
hi jen,


Great information Teri.  I read some of it to my husband.  I was just diagnosed with moderate sleep apnea a couple days ago.  (woohoo...just one more thing on my laundry list.  &lt;g&gt;)  Anyway, my pulmonologist said that while it's not causing my arrhythmias, it could certainly be contributing to the serverity of the problems I'm having related to them.  Makes sense to me.  Lil

  &nbsp; Lil they also say sleep apena and&nbsp; lack of sleep makes our heart disease worse for women, I havwenot heard anything about how it affects the men though probably in the smae way i guess but take it all in. our Cousin has it too and wears a mask and has felt better since he has been on the machine.
&nbsp;
Hi Teri, I was asked the other day when I went to see that physicians assistant if I had sleep apnea. I told her I didn't think so and then she asked if I snore. I told her my husband says I do. She said I could have it then. I believe it that heart problems come from lack of sleep. They think that is part of my problem. I haven't had enough sleep for the last 10 years. I'm working on trying to get more sleep. It's kind of hard though when you work 2 jobs and one of them is a night job. Well speaking of sleep better get to bed. Barb

Well first step is for me to find a doctor that wants to take me on. I'm going to ask my cardio next week who he recommends because after a year he wants to give my care over mostly to my regular doc and then see me once a year if no problems occur. He is watching me very carefully the first year though. I think I'll ask the stomach doctor too when I go May 5th. I've been asking around to get ideas from other people. I think patients are the best ones to get reccomendations from. Well have to go get ready to go to a baby shower. Talk to you later. Barb

&nbsp;
Hi Teri, good thing I had my hubby check the time on that invitation because it is not until next week. That's good though because now I can finish making the baby blanket. I have until next Sunday to do it. I already started on it so that should be easy to do. The reason I got the date wrong is this is the date that your supposed to RSVP by is today. Oh well it's too nice to be inside today. I sure hope I can handle a walk today. Talk to you later. Barb
It's for one of my cousins. I have alot of them on my moms side. There were 12 kids in her family. My son called yesterday and is doing ok. He hates these things called dirt devils that are like tornados with sand. They have to throw on goggles and crawl under the trucks. They end up with sand in their ears. He said they had a small one come right into the shop yesterday. He doesn't like the heat either. He said the temps reach into the hundreds during the day. Bad news I got was when him and his wife are done with the Marines they want to move to Monatana. I don't want to move there. That's colder than Wisconsin. I sure hope they change their mind about that one. Oh well that's over a year away from now. I took it easy on my walk and made it all the way to Shopko yesterday. That's over a mile from my house. I'll have to measure it sometime when I go in the car. I'd sure like to ride my bike to work but am afraid to try that at this time until they figure out my health issues. Have a great day. Talk to you later. Barb

So now I know...I do have something that could be valuable to others!!
&nbsp;Hi Teri et al,

&nbsp;
Icannot be an organ donor for Imhave NF1&nbsp; whih is short for neurofibromatosis 1 . oh well. My hubby cannot be one either due to his age and the&nbsp; medicines he was on when he was in the wreck and coma back in 1966 but heck if one of my sons needed a midney I would try to give one of my kidnetys to them despite my nf1.

&nbsp;
nope can't be a donor wish i could!!
People don't even realize this, but someone who's been burned, can use skin grafts from donors and there are parts of your eyes that can be used to help someone see.  Read some of the sites I listed above, you may be surprized!

good article Teri it would be a good thing to do I wonder if University of Fla in Gainsville is loking into tis got to check that out too.


PS
Wow Teri 13 servings is an awful lot.  I thought i was doing good with 5 servings of fruits and veggies.  I always eat whole grain so that's not a problem.13 Servings ok.

Well, what do you all think?! :)  Hugs, Teri
Has anybody ever tried the ester e vitamins?&nbsp; It is suppose to be a supervitamin E.&nbsp; There was a study done in Austrialia.&nbsp; It is suppose to help reduce ldl cholesterol.&nbsp; I read about the study on another board.

PS  jtu, it's a patented process to make Ester E...  Teri

This really is a cool site!   Teri :)

Barb, just to let you know, that I'm sending positive thoughts your way this morning!  Hugs, Teri :)
Thanks Teri, just got back. They said there were some small things that showed up on the treadmill part but the whole picture would be seen on the scans they did. I didn't think of it but should have asked if the stent being in there would complicate things with the scan. How can they tell with a scan if the stent is filling up? I'll have to ask Monday when I call. I was also told to ask about cutting back on the Topral because of my memory problems. If you know the answers to  those questions let me know.  Are you feeling better today? I hope so. Well I'd say it's time for a nap now. Talk to you later. Barb
Thanks Teri for the info. I'll have to check out that site. Have to do it later because I'm going to the dog park with my daughter and her big dog. She usually works all day Saturday so I'm lucky I get to spend some time with as she got off at noon today. That way I can get my walking in because it's a big park.&nbsp;  &nbsp;I might get some pics of her dog there for her album. Yeah like I need more pictures to scrap. Not! I'll have to e-mail you a picture of him sometime. He's very cute. Well I'm off to the dog park. Barb

Hi all, I was told that the blood flow through my stent looks good. Glad they ruled out the problems with the heart. I'll let you know what caused all my problems with sob and chest and arm pain when we find out. Barb
Hi Teri, after reading info on side effects of toporal I am really questioning if that is what is causeing sob, chest and arm pain and swelling in my feet. I cut my dose in half and will see how that goes. I don't have high bp and the doc said I could just quit taking it if I wanted too. Well we'll see how it goes. Barb
Hi Teri, I can't beleive he told me to just quit taking it when I read that is really bad to do. You are supposed to cut down gradually on it. I'll call and tell the nurse Monday that I cut it in half instead of just quitting it. If this doesn't help I may request another drug to try that has some of the same benefits Toporal has. I'll let you know how it goes. Barb
Salutations

Hi Helpnhand,
Thanks for the added knowledge, Steve~it is always welcomed!!
Some info that may help with regards to your query about chronic sinus tachycardia
Thank you all so very much for your helpful information. I will be speaking to my friend later this evening, and I will definitely ask her about which other drugs they tried her out on, to see if the two Steve mentioned were given a trial. I also will tell her about the heart 'electricians.' It will take a me a few minutes of read throughs to memorize all of the special terminology, so please forgive me. I will keep you posted, and any other information will be welcomed and appreciated. I am really thankful that this site exists. :)

Hi all.&nbsp; I've never been here before, but searched for somewhere to go to ask questions, vent, learn, whatever.&nbsp; I'm petrified right now and need whatever help I can get.


Hello Pat. Your friend is seriously ill and her body is doing what it can to help her to repair. That is why she is in a coma, her body has shut down what it does not need and is concentrating on repairing the damage to her heart. God willing as she becomes stronger she will eventually come out of her coma and rebuild her life. She has had a very serious heart attack and we can only pray that she is able with the help of God and her doctors to pull through. I join with everybody here in prayer for your dear friend and I pray that she pulls through her ordeal. I can tell you that this is not an isolated kind of incident, it does happen and it would be unkind to tell you that every case survives. However with the treatments now availabe to doctors she has a great chance of getting through this. Be there for her and when you are with her talk to her and encourage her to fight. You will be surprised how this can and does help people who are in a coma. As I have said the body is a strange instrument and it does what it feels it must to preserve itself, the attack was a large one and her body has gone in shut down and is busy at this moment fighting to make repairs . While she is in a coma and shut down the body can concentrate on the healing process, just be there as I said and tell her you are with her. Gordon and Michelle



The doctors just told us that there's basically no hope.  Her damage is too extensive and she'll never regain consciousness.  Not expecting her to make it too much longer.Thank all of you for your support and for allowing me to come in here to dump on you.
l'm so very sorry to hear about your dear friend. Friends like that are rare indeed. Although it seems not much can be done for her now, there's probably much you can do for the family. And as long as we keep them alive in our hearts, we then find the true meaning of friendship. Because true friendship never dies.
Pat, I know i'm very late in reading this, but I want to say how sorry I am. I know how devestated I would be if my best friend was in this condition. I'll keep you all in my prayers. Hugs, Kathy S
I just happened to catch your name in the Who's Online list, and thought&nbsp;I might catch you here.&nbsp; Oh well, you and Teri know that I don't hang out here, well, ever.&nbsp; But I was glad to catch your name and hope you're doing as well as possible.&nbsp; It's been some time, eh?&nbsp; All best.
Hi Brynn!  I'll let him know that you said Hi!  So maybe he'll come back around?!
Thank you Bryn and yes it is long time no see. I try not to get too involved these days and I tend to leave the discussions and debates to others. It is nice to hear from you and I hope you are as well as can be expected. I am now being treated by one of the best hospitals if not the best in the UK now and I have to travel a fair distance from home to get there. But it is worth it in the end. They are remarkable people and they instill hope and promise in you which goes a long way as you know. I cope pretty well and I did receive four stents last November which did help me greatly now sadly they seem to have failed or at least one of the grafts they were in has failed at least. As I only have two sources feeding the heart muscle this leaves me in a lot of pain with the angina. Hopefully Papworth may be able to do something come my appointment with them in July this year.
Hi Gordon, nice to see you around here again. You should visit us more often. I have found great support and help here since having my stent put in January 4th 2005. They think mine might be closeing up too. I had a stress test with nuclear study done yesterday and will know the results Monday. Don't lose hope because someone here told me that they have different medicated stents and if one doesn't work that another one might work. I would never have known that if I hadn't found that out here. So if they have to put another stent in I am going to insist that they use a different kind of medicated one. Take care and let us know how your doing. Barb
Thank you Btaylor for your kindness. In my case the stents that have failed are not medicated stents as they don't put or can't put medicated stents into a venal graft. I have one artery that functions and only the venal graft which was still partially open. Unfortunately they will be unable to put any medicated stents into the venal graft. It turns out that the medicated stents are about 1mm thicker than the steel stents and because of that and the graft not being wide enough to take one, I can only hope for some other life giving treatment. what that may be I will learn in July of this year. But for those that were not aware the veins they use in bypass surgery to make the grafts are not as supple as an artery and they are smaller in size. I personally would have liked to try the bio stent created by a Japanese scientist and surgeon. Sadly the companies that make these products would rather use other stents at this time and until some one does different I am left in stasis.
Hi Gordon, sorry to hear about that. I didn't know about that with the veins. I learn things all the time at this site. Maybe things will change by July. There is always hope. Just hang in there. I'll keep you in my prayers. You know we are all here for you to vent too anytime you need too. Teri is very helpful. We don't see much of Vinny since he had that new grandbaby. I can't blame him though that's what I'd be doing if my granddaughter lived around here. Well I'm off to the dog park with my daughter and her big dog. Have a great day. I'll talk to you later. Barb
Wow that's a long name. I've never heard of that one before. I don't know alot about heart disease accept what I've learned here and about my own problem. So far I only have the LAD artery that was clogged up but I'm told it could have caused a massive heart attack and lots of damage or death if they hadn't found it. So even if it does clog back up and they have to go back in I still feel lucky that they were able to find it and treat it early. Maybe they will perfect that treatment better by the time they have to do it on you. How come they are waiting until July to look at you? That seems like a long time. I'm glad you found a good place to go even if it takes a while to get there. It's important to have some one you trust and that has a good reputation when it comes to your health. Well I'm off to watch a movie with my family.    Take care. Barb

Hi Pat,Gordon and Michelle
Gordon, this is your 2nd warning, please look at the guidelines.  Your post re other boards is not allowed.  Thank you.
Hello:

Thanks Teri for the fast reply.&nbsp; It has been a long, rocky road.&nbsp; Resectioning was done to stop the "flapping" of the dead section.&nbsp; It is cutting some of the dead heart "remodeling" - the heart is smaller, but does not have to work so hard and was necessary&nbsp;at the time.&nbsp; It is not a very common procedure and very few thoracic surgeons would consider the surgery.&nbsp; I really would like to find others that had a similar surgery.&nbsp; 


Here is another source...
Thanks for all the replies.&nbsp; We did a lot of research prior to the procedure, as it is was a rather invasive surgery.&nbsp; I am most interested in sharing with others that had a similar surgery and their progress.&nbsp; Amazing how heart disease changes the whole outlook on life, isn't it?&nbsp; Hope everyone has a great week.


Hi Teri, that is one of the things they thought caused me to have CAD at such a young age. I took steroids over the years for UC and Asthma. Did the article say anything about them raising the cholesterol. That is what I was told anyway. What about the heart meds affecting the asthma. I just read up on the Toporal and it can cause breathing problems and problems with asthma, also chest pain and swelling in feet and hands. That's the problems I've had since starting it along with memory loss. My doc said I could just quit taking it cold turkey if I want but to have my bp checked on a regular basis. I read that it is not good to quit it suddenly. I don't know what is wrong with my doctor that he would tell me to do that. I am going to just try cutting back to half a tab first. Barb
Well Teri, I cut my toporal in half this morning and my bp was 98/70. It has been 100/60 since taking the med. Before the med it was usually 120/70 which is considered normal. I'll see how it goes over time. Barb
hi teri,

Hi Libby, welcome to healing well. This is a great place to find out info, answers to questions, and get support. Barb
Looks like I caused some bad feelings - guess will take my crusade to find others dealing with the same thing we're going thru somewhere else.&nbsp; Sorry about all the trouble.

For those who have followed the short soap opera of my CAD issues, I'll give ya a little update.  
Hey Ray, I wish I could retire! Too bad it's under such circumstances. I am still working 2 jobs at present 54 1/2 hours a week. I am waiting for the city to decide if they want me full time or not. If not think I will start looking for a job with cheaper insurance where I can afford to quit the night job. It's not good for my health anyway. Hang in there though things have a way of working themselves out. Well back to work for now. Barb
Hi Ray, I like your words of wisdom and I agree with you. I've been at my night job for 11 years and the day job almost 5 years. They will lose a valuable employee if they don't get their heads out of the sand and realize it. If it doesn't work out I look at it as one door closeing and another one opening to better things. DGMS on the insurance that will get anyones bp up. Try not to think about that and relax more and enjoy life. You earned the right too do that. Well I better get to bed now. Catch you later. Barb
Wow BC that was quick for SSI. It took my hubby about a year. You'll have to find something to do with your extra time. My hubby keeps very busy with the house, yard and garden. He also scrapbooks with me. Lately we have been going to the dog park alot. The dogs love it and so do we and that way I get my walk in for the day. Maybe you need a pet. My husband says he doesn't know what he would do with out our little dog. He takes care of her too while I work. We take our daughters dog with us when we go to the park. He is still a pup and needs the exercise. Another idea would be to get involved with the VFW or something like that since you are a Marine. Well back to work for me. Barb
It's sure good to hear from you, Steve!!  When you have some time, please let me know how you're doing?!  Big Hugs, your friend, Teri :)
Nice to see you around here again Steve. I may be looking for a new job soon if my day job doesn't hire me full time. I can't keep working all these hours and paying so much for insurance. I find out next Tuesday or Wednesday what they decide. Barb

Well, I'm here...and back at square one. Yesterday my appeal for LTD was denied...rather gleefully...by the ###. I'm getting rather tired of those alleged people. If it sounds like I'm angry, it's only because I am. If anyone has any choice in the matter, and is offered a policy from the ###, I'd run away from it as fast as possible. They will go to any lengths to avoid paying a claim.


Here's a site for Low Blood Pressure...
yep i take mine in morning plus i have to take my patch off around 3pm is that what you wanted to know ole girl

Well, my Cardiologist is willing to have a meeting with me tomorrow after lunch and explain some things to me...he, thinks I need to keep the nitro patch on and stop my Norvasc and Lisinipril, so that my angina can be more controlled with the nitro patch and not have my BP get so low.  I'll let ya know!  Hugs, Teri :)
I have a friend who is always sick.&nbsp; He has&nbsp; now come up with a blood pressure reading today at his drs as 150/70 and is panicking and telling my husband that the Dr thinks he has really high blood pressure.&nbsp; He gave him no meds and said that he is really worried about this.&nbsp;&nbsp; My question is...is 150/70 really high?? I thought the worry number is the under number not the upper one.&nbsp; He is a big salt eater..and uses so much salt on his food that it is scary and he eats out all the time and when I mentioned that he should cut back on his salt he told me that I didn't know what I was talkign about.&nbsp;&nbsp; I do medical transcription and looks to me that 150/70 is not that bad for a 65 year old, otherwise healthy man...except for being a hypocondriac with ADD and bipolar syndrome.   
I reckon mine is a little high then.went to doc yesterday and it was 153/92.get to take another BP med,yippee

I'm not a doctor.  I'm just a 57 yo guy with CAD (and some other stuff.)  But for me, a BP reading of 150/70 makes my day absolutely wonderful!  For a while I was running at about 189/107...then I got on some different meds and it dropped the average to around 150/80.  This was a real good improvement.  But the last week has been extremely stressful (what with retirement issues and all) and it's been up around 170/106, even on the new meds.  The Imdur and Nitro help some, but it's still higher than it was a week or two ago.
ok...here they are:
Thanks Ray and Teri. I will search for &quot;Imdur'.  Teri, i know verapamil is a ccb and how it works.  It does help with the angina, but since my gp added another 120mgs, i've noticed the tightness in the chest.I don't think i'll take the 120mg verapamil.
If you have a cuff or other BP unit at home, do some averaging.  AM-mid day-PM for 5-7 days. An average is closer to your BP than a single reading.I do this before a PCP visit and have the average reading for him.  I usually am between 110/70 to 140/84 at his office but if it happens to be up a little, the average number calms him down and I do not get excited if the number is up a little. My average generally is around 130/84 and at age 66, that's fine.
Hope all of you are well, it has been a while since I dropped in.

&nbsp;

Vicky Hi,just wanted to say good luck and i will keep you in my prayers.I to have aortic valve that does not work right.How long have you had this problem?a.k.a.Mela..........



That's a very interesting study.  I had my gall bladder removed (one rather large stone in it blocking the &quot;out&quot; line for lack of a better term) in 2002.  I'd had 2 MIs previously.  I'm not obese (most of my life I was pretty scrawny) although I've put on weight since quitting smoking about 12 years ago.  
had mine removed 7 yrs ago

I had mine out in 2000. They said it didn't have stones but had been bad for a long time. Man was I ever sick. Took them 3 months to figure out that it wasn't my acid reflux. I had non stop heartburn for 3 months. I couldn't even lay down it was so bad. When I would eat I'd have terrible pain. Lots of nausea. The doc said he hadn't seen one that bad looking in his career. the ultra sounds they did didn't show anything it was when they did a rare test to check for function that they found it was pushing gall into my stomach. Yuck! Glad to be rid of that. You know another thing that seems to run along with the heart disease is the acid reflux too. I've seen many of the people here have it. It would be interesting to see how many of us have that. Barb T
I'd like our new members to see this one...Teri :)
can you tell me if soon after, or even before your heart attack what your cholestrol was at. i am having anxiety problems, and keep worrying about heart attacks, so i am trying to use my recent blood screen i got back plus my age to calm my worries. my cholestrol was 144, my triglyceride was at 69 my hdl cholestrol was at 42 and my ldl cholestrol was at 88. can anybody who has had a heart attack please share with me their numbers from their tests. also my blood count and chemistries came back normal. i am fine when i don;t think about any of this stuff, but then once i think about it or think if i have had any symptoms, i start to freak out, and my mind starts playing tricks on me with shortness of breathe and all that crap. when i am calm, i breathe fine and my throat loosens up. but as soon as heart talk starts, throat tightens up and i get anxious and start feeling tiny pains in my shoulders. but i always check my pulse when i feel this, and it is normal. if anybody has a problem with anxiety, you will know how it can mess with you bad. thank god i am finally on some medication for it and my depression, or i would be going out of my mind. anyways, someone write me back with any info you feel like sharing. thank you. 

hi sober for good and teri,

thanks for the response. i feel better now that you guys have shared your numbers. my numbers are even after being on a low carb diet where it's fat, fat and more fat, so my cholestrol should go even lower as i try to eat no saturated fat whatsoever. i know you can't cut it all out, but i try to eat about 50 percent of your daily's worth. plus i have cut way back on sodium, and stopped drinking diet soda and replaced that with water and orange juice. orange juice has no sodium, but may cause some to have heart burn.     haven't gone on a bike ride in 2 days, but will pick it up tomorrow night, and try to go monday wednesday thursday and friday. then between that i'll play some basketball. they say 30 minutes of excercise 4 times a week, so i'm trying to get like 2 hours a day for 5 days, which will help me lose my excess weight. i want to get below 300 lbs by july 22nd, because that is my family reunion, and i want to look awsome for it. btw, i havent been below 300 lbs since maybe 7th grade, but i have always been tall and big. im at 321 right now, so 22 lbs at that workout level should do it. plus im cutting my portions in half, and having more fruits and snacks then actual meals. i'll have a bowl of cherios rather then say eggs and sausage, which use to be my breakfast when i came home. it's ok every once in ahwile, but in moderation. i am looking forward to tomorrow to go on another bike ride. if anybody has ever been to the bay area, you will know what i see when i go on rides. we are maybe 5 minutes from the bay and have a bike park right by it, that has a good 10 mile track on it. 1 1/2 hours pass no problem when you are out there. anyways, finace is calling me so i better go talk to her before she scalps me. ttyl, and thank you guys for your responses.
thanks teri. my mom cant wait for everybody to see me, or us. last time they saw me, i was at my fattest. i wore a sixe 5 xl shirt, and size 56 pants. now im wear a 2xl and a size 44 pants. not bragging, but maybe i am just a little, lol.

Don't forget to vote, ya'll!  Teri :)
hi everyone,
Hey Teri, I just discovered this thread. Been out side alot lately enjoying the warm weather. I have acid reflux and ulcertive colitis on top of the heart disease. It would be interesting to find out how many of us have the asthma thing going on too. I can sympathize with you Libby. Ever since I saw my new stomach doc on Thursday I have been worried sick about how painful the colonoscopy will be if he doesn't give me enough medication. I have had that happen 2x before and it was some of the worse pain I've ever had. So after an awful night Friday night I've decided that I will allow him to do the upper scope and the other one will have to wait until he earns my trust and can show me he will give me the extra medication that it takes to make me comfortable. He's going to be mad about it because he was already freaking out because I hadn't had one since 1997 and after having UC for 10 years your chances of cancer go way up. I don't think a few more months is going to matter at this point since I'm not having problems with that end. Barb
Oh believe me Teri I stressed it several times. He seems like a really nice guy but just the fact that he said he will try to make me as comfortable as possible instead of saying he would make sure I didn't feel anything and would be asleep made me nervous. The first doc I had after those two tests in a row that I was awake for told me that she would make sure I was asleep for it and she did. That is what I need to hear from him. Hope your appointments go ok today. Barb

Libby, I had my endoscopy done and I'm on Aspirin and Plavix.  They just had me stop it with my Cardiac Dr.'s permission as I do have Barrett's.  
hi teri,
so was I!  But it worked out fine.  Teri  :)
Hi Libby, I have had so many of both the scopes done and I know you are not supposed to feel anything but I have went through it 2x with out enough meds and was fully and painfully aware of what was going on. In fact I had my eyes open and was crying. One of the docs was a real jerk. Needless to say never saw him again. The other one kept apologizing and saying she couldn't give me any more medication which I know is not true because the next 2 doctors I had after her gave me extra medication right away and I didn't feel a thing. I've had acid reflux since age 14 and UC since 1986. In fact I need to call this afternoon and cancel the one test. Barb

Well it all depends on how much medication the doc is willing to give me. We'll see. Barb
I've had way more than 2 done over the years Teri. My problem is that to begin with I need more medication than most people do and I think certain doctors like to stick more by the same standards for every patient and in my case it doesn't work that way. Like I said though he will have to earn my trust before I'll let him do the lower scope. I'll find out on June 2nd. Barb

Oh I will Libby and if this doc doesn't work out I know there other docs in the cities that are 20-30miles from us. It will be worth the drive though if I find a doc I like and trust until then I'll give this one a chance. I just want to get rid of this nightly heartburn problem. It interupts my sleep. Barb
I go June 2nd at 11am. Hope it goes fast because my daughter graduates that night at 7. We are having a dinner at 5pm at our house. I'll have everything ready a head of time so I just have to heat it up. I pick up her cake from Walmart the night before. I'm getting really excited about it. I love parties.&nbsp;   Planning and cooking and hosting.&nbsp;Barb&nbsp;

Hiya Teri I am peeking in from work--I too have GERD and REFLUX-- I have&nbsp; had 2 or 3 egd's and colonoscopies--the last time they found some H-pylori,&nbsp;I was uanble to take the combination of antibiotics they give to get rid of it so I am not sure if it is still there (I need to go again for these scopes, in my spare time of course) 



Come on ya'll...I know something must make you happy!? :)
being around my fiance, basketball, watching basketball especially the portland trailblazers, this forum and all the friendly supportive people, my co workers(well maybe 2 or 3 of them), and just losing more weight, keeping my blood pressure down and just trying to better myself.
Seeing my granddaughter. Even just pictures of her, but seeing her in person is even better along with her daddy and mommy. SUMMER TIME Cookouts, Camping, swimming, hiking, biking oh and this year the DOG PARK! lol Barb
Wow Heidi you are a animal lover especially in the dog department. So do any of your dogs do search and rescue or pet therapy? What kind of dogs are they? We have a pure bred rat terrier we rescued from the local pound and then my daughter has a 9 month old malamute/german shepard mix. He is such a handful to take care of. He was very sick with worms and infection when my daughter bought him. If I had that full name and address I would turn him in. The dog couldn't even walk at 2 months old he would walk a few steps and fall over. He was so thin his ribs showed and he was only 5 pounds. They are a joy though aren't they. Barb

Oh Heidi, I enjoyed hearing about all your dogs. What about your other pets? Names ect. We have a bunny, parakeet and then the two pups. We have had lots of hamsters and 3 guinea pigs. My most recent hamster had to be put down last month because of tumor on chest. I think my favorite animals are dogs and hamsters. My very favorite wild animal is the panda. I have seen 3 live pandas in my life. That was so awesome. I think the dogs were sad today because they heard me say something about the dog park but we couldn't go. We have to spell it out now because they know what it is. My little dog Abby got attacked yesterday by a rotweiler. I was not happy. and the last time a pit bull tried to rip my big dogs throat out. Think I will discourage them from playing with those breeds from now on. Well have to go get ready for work now. Look forward to hearing more about your animals. Barb
Awwwww, that's really sweet bc!!  Hugs, Teri :)



What does my heart good is to be near family and friends, having the confidence to know that I will be able to support myself in the future, and have the ability to pay for my medicine and not have to miss any. Another thing that makes me happy is to feel close to God, whether in home, at church, or anyplace in my life. One last thing is having people like y'all to run ideas by and get support and encouragement. 

To Achieve&nbsp; Your Dreams Remember You ABC's
Awww, thanks, Heidi!  That is nice!  Hugs, Teri :)
  &nbsp; Yipee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Congratulations, Heidi! That is terrific. How long have you been away?

Don't forget to let us know how you keep your cholesterol low! 
I'm taking Lipitor. My total cholesterol was 199 when my cardiologist prescribed them for me. They went down to 166 in less than 3 months. I was going to share my LDL and HDL numbers, but I can't find them. I had saved them to my computer hd someplace! My triglycerides went up after beginning the Lipitor, but do not know if that had any connection or not. It was interesting that right after the newspaper had a large article on statins and how they reduce the risks for additional heart attacks for people who have already had them, my doctor prescribed&nbsp; them to me that month. He told me that&nbsp;he wanted my cholesterol to be lower than the high end. I was relieved after reading that article. The cardiac rehab team had brought it all their patients' awareness. New tests to be done this month as it will be my six month checkup. I'm crossing my fingers!


I'm doing the Niaspan thing along with Vytorin.  I've been on them for a month.  I'm just at the point where I have to double the dose of Niaspan to 1000 mg per day.  I got thru the initial flushing problem by takin half a tablet in the morning and half at nite.  Now it looks like I'm gonna have to start tolerating a hgher dosage.  I'll letcha know how it's going in a coupla daze.
Also...



teri,

Just wanted to bump this one up for the newer members...Teri :)
Hello all! First time on this board for me, but I need some advice. 5. There were no pauses.
HI All, another week then at breakfast with my girlfriend I have another attack when I feel breathless and tightness in the chest.  Not as bad as the Boston one but bad enough.  I calmed down, went to work and felt great.  However the next night at work I had another spell late in my shift and went to a walk in clinic the next morning.  Again EKG, Blood Work all good.  The next day I saw my primary doctor and she put me on Kolonopin.  Then claimed that she was 100% certain that my heart was fine.  I still feel tightness and little pains from time to time in the chest.  It's not like I am overly tired or anything (Other than working nights)  I guess my next step maybe to be referred to a Cardiologist.  Just wondering if anyone was in the similar boat that I am in???  Thanks in advance
Hi srkess, your symptoms?  I still have my days where I doubt it's anxiety but that's just me.  They way I look at it, I've done every test out there and they ave all come back negative.  And most of the time my meds help me when I am having symptoms.  There still is that fear though in the back of my head that they are missing something.
Hi, I am a 30 year old female and I have been experiencing chest pressure/tightness for a few days now. I went to the doctor yesterday and they did an EKG and he listened to my lungs and said everything was normal. They are also doing blood work but I am still waiting on the results. A few years ago I had the same thing happen and I ended up spending about 8 hours in the ER while they did EKG, Chest X-ray, blood work, etc. and told me nothing was wrong with me. During that episode I was on Macrobid (an antibiotic) for a UTI and they just told me I must be allergic to it. Everything I have read is pointing to anxiety/panic attacks, but it is just very scary when dealing with possible heart problems. My family has a history of heart attacks/heart failure so I feel like maybe I should go to a cardiologist and get a second opinion. I am glad to know I am not alone and there are other people out there going through the same thing.
I just registered to post to this forum on my husbands behalf. he is 44 healthy, 6' 3&quot; 210# does not take any medications or supplements. he has the exact same situation as post by dboth9284. I was wondering if dboth9284 ever got resolution. I don't think there is a way to ask directly to the 'poster', is there?thanks
I have had severe mood swings since my bypass surgery in 2003. I seem to be getting worse as time goes on. I have read about pumphead or (personality changes) after this surgery. I was wondering if anyone else has experienced this? I have other health issues that can cause this, like hypothyroidism and depression. But I haven't been the same since the surgery. Any response would be appreciated. Thank You!
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; just got back from the gym after an hour long basketball game. im tired, but i feel good because before i left, i weighed myself thinking i maybe lost a lb, and come to see i lost another 8 lbs. im down to 313. i had a goal of under 300 by july, but i bet i could be below 290 or even 285 by july if i keep it up. i have cut out all the crap, no more fast food, no more low carb ice cream, only thing i had was some sugar free red vines the other day for a treat. i did have nachos from a mexican restaurant by my house, but me and my fiance had gone on a&nbsp;hour and a &nbsp;1/2 long&nbsp;bike ride before that, so i felt i earned it. my blood pressure last night was 120/80. everything is good, and i am even getting calls back from resumes i have sent out for jobs so i can get off of my shi__y graveyard shift job at walgreens. i don't knopw if i posted this in the right forum, but i have gotten response from people in here the most. 
Keep up the good work, man.  It sounds like you're really doin good things for your body.  I'm real happy for ya about the calls from your resume.  I hope you can find a job where you're happy and productive.  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; but only when i take a very deep breathe. i am having problems with anxiety, and am feeling nervous right now for no real reason. it doesn't hurt with normal breathes at all, just when it's a deep breathe. i feel very uptight right now. it isn't painful, just like my chest is tight from being anxious and i keep thinking what if it's my heart which makes me even more uptight and nervous. my medication im taking(lexapro) sometimes makes me a little anxious and i haven't taken any of my anxiety pills today, but i might just to see if it calms me down. theres np pains in my arms, just tightness from not being able to relax. 
im fine now. i took 2 of my anti anxiety pills, and it calmed me down. i had chinese food today, so there i was feeling a little guilty, but the tightness is gone and i feel fine. i knew it wasn't my heart, but the panic, but all i could do was say to myself what if it isn't, what if it is your heart. but now that the meds have kicked in, i have control and am totally relaxed. just took my bp, and it was 120/75, so if it were a heart thing i doubt it would be that good.
i knew it was panic the whole time, or anxiety. not really a panc attack, just my mind racing. im going to talk to my doctor on the 13th, and ask him if i have anything to worry about. i mean if my bp is normal, and my cholestrol is 144, with good cholestrol being above 35 i think i should absolutely nothing to worry about except losing my weight.
yeah, i slept fine last night. today i have a tight feeling in my chest and stomach, but it almost went away after taking some more anxiety pills. my fiances dad is a firefighter, and said that the tightness is being brought on by stress, which i believe because i hate my job and thats where i was. plus i kinda got my mind racing, which isn;t a good thing, but i never had a panic attack. just alot of the what if's going around in my head. i really hate anxiety, and if anybody has it you will know what im talking about. i've also seens posts in the depression forum about people who have the similar thing going on with them.

It's pretty quiet in here...where is everybody? tip toe tip toe...Teri
Well, I'm here.  I've been catching up on some other non-computer stuff.
Hi Libby.  Thanks for the info on Enduracin.  That may be an option.  But I got over the flushing from the smaller dose fairly quickly, so I'm hoping that the same thing will happen with the larger dose.  At least it's not leaches and bloodletting.  But I bet it seems pretty barbaring 100 years from now.  :)
Yanno, Libby...I've been outta the &quot;singles scene&quot; for so long, I hadn't even thought about that.  :)  But it's a good one.
The Advil and benadryl seem to have helped.  I took the Niaspan about an hour later and had minor flushing, but very little if any itching.  The flushing started about 2 hours after taking it (3 hours after the Advil) so it might have been a case of the Ibuprofen wearing off.  But this morning's dose was a walk in the park compared to last night.  I'll try the same thing this evening and see how it goes.  I'd be nice if there's a way to get thru the &quot;gettiing used to it&quot; stage with minimal discomfort.
One more site re rashes... :)
hi ray and teri,
No, just a smile and "you know we can't tell you", however the US tech from the carotid artery test today, said 'looking good'...I'll assume they did. lol He also checked the BP systolic pressure on both arms. Said if the systolic number was vastly different-there might be a problem.Hugs, Teri :)

Hey Libby, how are you doing?  How's the rash-if the xanax worked, then perhaps it is nerves?  Definitely something to note, anyway!

Well, first things first.  The Niaspan has been a whole lot more tolerable with some Advil and Benadryl.  Teri, I understand your concern about supressing an allergic reaction with an antihistamine...but I've been on the Niaspan for a month and the hives and itching is one of the known side effects that's supposed to fade with time.  Can't be too quick for me.  :)  But it's better than it was the first day I did the doubled dose.  I'm now at 500 mg twice a day.  I'm hopin the doc doesn't wanna increase it any from there.  This is about as much fun as I can stand.  :)

Awww, Libby...sounds like you just need a big hug...(((Libby))) :)
hi teri,
Hi All!  Libby, they/you still have the rash and no one knows yet what it is from!?  Is it spreading?  Same?  Did they scrape the skin and check it out under a microscope?  That usually puts another dimension into the picture. 
Ray, where and how are you?!  Yoo Hoo  :)

Libby, I take the Aciphex and the Zantac in the AM before I eat.  One of my Dr.'s told me it might be overkill on the Zantac, but I told him it was working and that I was leaving well enough alone!  He agreed. :)

hi all,
I'm right here between the Kleenex and the cold medicine.  Somehow I've caught a nasty cold.  Spent most of yesterday in bed re-reading the &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; series by Robert Jordan.  Today I got up thinking I felt better, so I gave myself a haircut, took a shower and went to the post office to mail off the LTD appeal letter and get some wiring stuff to rewire the turn signals and parking lights in the Nova.  When I got home I was as miserable as ever.  But it's just a cold.  Thank God it isn't something worse.  And I even did some of the wiring for the Nova while sitting on my bed.  It just needs to be installed.
Libby, you must get one pedicure and at a recommended place.  Nothing too fancy, but one that gives a good foot massage.  Made me a happy lady all day long, admiring my pretty feet! lol
Ray, you poor thing!!  A cold?!  You take care of yourself and don't keep pushing yourself so hard...when you dream, is it on 4 wheels??! lol  I am really laughing!!

Libby, he told me I was having seizures from the damage from the first stroke, and wanted to put me on seizure meds.  The only reason I said no and wanted these tests done, was cuz, if you are declared to have seizures, you lose your Driver's lic. while you are on seizure med.'s for one year and can say you've not had another seizure during this time.  Now if I'm having seizures, I will deal with it, but if I'm not, then why be on the med.s and be punished.  I'm the one who got the ball rolling with all of this...If he saw nothing on the EEG-which is possible if you didn't have a seizure at the time.  He wouldn't need the US of the carotid results, would he?  A cardio Dr. told me last Aug. that I was dying and they couldn't do anything more for me. Then I found another cardio, had a bypass and have persued all the angina and the Dr.'s I have now are doing everything single thing they can to help me.  So I fight with all I've got to make sure that doesn't happen anytime soon, and so far it's working and I'm doing great-cept for this stupid numbness thing. :)  That just gets me a little irritated at times.  But I shall call the cardio tomorrow and make sure he sends the carotid results over right away to the neuro Dr. and perhaps I'll help them figure this out. lol  Hugs, Teri :)

Hey Libby I hear you about the multiple problems at once. I guess your part of the multiple major health problems club too. It's real fun when one med for a problems makes one of your other health problems worse. The worse thing for my stomach is the steroids for the asthma and the ulcertive colitis but what can you do when you have to take the stuff. I'm with you on staying upbeat though. I've always been the type that looks for the good in everything. It makes life more enjoyable that way. Barb
I heard from my neuro Dr. today that my EEG showed irregular brain waves coming from the right side of the brain.  So he's waiting til after my MRI/MRA tomorrow AM and will call me in the afternoon with a more final diagnosis.  This sure seems to have taken a long while in coming...but he told me even with seizure activity that as long as I've never blacked out that I would not be kept from driving.  So that's what I needed to hear! :)
I still haven't heard any results, but last night I discovered Petey and Pookie my Dad and Mom cockatiels just hatched 2 more!!  :)  There are 2 more eggs, so we shall see if the number rises!  I still have 2 weeks left with the other baby bird that I just call Baby.  He/She is starting to tweet like a dog. hahaha  Hugs, Teri :)
Hi Teri, hope you get good news from your doc today. What ever are you going to do with all those baby birds? Talk to you later. Will be busy scrapbooking this weekend at a workshop tonight and tomorrow. Barb
busy as a beee getting ready for hurricane season it will be worse than last years 4 named ones hitting the east coast maybe one a catgeory 5. I am a Jacksonville Comminty Emergency Response Team Member (JAX CERT) for short and we will be on call out in hte field or downtown at the EOC building so please be ready.
Heidi, I wish I would have paid more attention to what they were talking about on the news yesterday-it was the national news and they were talking about Florida and hurricanes-saying it could be worse!!-Boy, I sure hope not-ya'll went through too much last year!!
Oh-almost forgot!  Petey and Pookie my cockatiels 3rd out of 4 eggs hatched today-WooHoo!!  3 little ones now, that I'll start to hand feed in about 2 weeks-I'm just waiting to see if I have a 4rth baby. :)  Teri
Libby and Ray, where are you?!  Miss you!
Hey Heidi just curious to know how you know how bad it is going to be for the season. My daughter in law is stationed at camp Legune North Carolina and she lives out the back gate in a trailer court with my granddaugter and her sister. I worry about them. Last year we went out in August and missed one storm and then one came through right after we left. My son called us right away on his cell phone to let us know that they were all ok. They only live about half a mile from the ocean. My son is in Iraq right now so I'll probably worry even more about her and the baby. Look forward to hearing from you on this. Barb
Barb

Libby please call your doctor on Monday soon as they open and want an apoontment asap. it might be your GERD acting up or signs of an impending heart attacak and only you doctor nows for sure. please donot wait around for answers ok friend.
hi heidi,
Libby&nbsp; What part of Texas I lived in Kingsville and went to King High School was a cheerleader their and lived on Santa Gertrudis Blvd right across from the King Ranch and 7 houses down from the main entrance. i always tell people san Antino has the most beautiful river walk.
Hi Everyone!!  It's been a long weekend and a busy one, so now I'm finally able to sit down at the computer and see what's been happening here.
Ray, how is your cold?  Are you feeling any better yet?!  Give us a holler and let us know!!
Heidi, it's always good to hear from you-I'm happy you get to be so active, just always doing something!  Don't overdo too much!!  How's your hand??
hi teri and heidi et al!
Libby, they've decided after all my tests that the right side of the brain is 'irritated' (me, too) :) and is sending out wrong electrical signals from where I had my stroke back in Aug.  So it's causing me to have seizures and migraines, and if I don't take med.'s to get this under control, it could cause another stroke.  So the Dr.'s nurse is calling me tomorrow to set up an appt. as the Dr. wants to explain it better to me.  Now that's scary-explain more??  I'm saturated with good news. lol
teri, my dear -
It's a date! lol  Teri :)

Hi everyone!
I think that I'll call it an early night tonight...just a bit more fatigued than usual and I like staying on my toes! :)
Hi Libby!!  Sorry, I'll probably miss our &quot;date&quot; tonight.  Hope you are feeling better?  Hugs, Teri :)
Ray, where are you???  Please check in and let us know that you are okay?!   Hugs to you, my friend, Teri :)

Libby, good for you!~you sound like you are definitely on the ball here!  Unfortunately, I'm tired, but can't sleep modes have set in?  Do you ever get those?  Teri :)
I'll really be happy if they get you in soon, Libby, and get to the bottom of this discomfort/pain that you're having.  It definitely must enter into your quality of life?!  Best wishes to you, Hugs, Teri :)

You were paying attention! :) I have 2 appt.'s this week Libby.  Wednesday 18th with the neuro Dr. and Fri. with the Cardio Dr.  I still need a mammogram appt.  It never seems to end...but thank goodness tomorrow is Tuesday, right!? lol

I'm actually looking forward to my Dr.'s appt. in the morning tomorrow~I've had several episodes of facial numbness and tingling since last night and some this morning.  My husband has off and will probably go with me, so he can hear it all from the Dr., too.   Wishing everyone well, and hope to see you all later today!  Hugs, Teri  :)
hi heidi and teri -
hi all,
Libby, oh, gosh, I'm sorry it came to this, but I'm wishing, praying and hoping for the best!!  (((Libby)))
Hi everyone, been so busy and it is only going to get worse because today I agreed to work even more hours at my day job. They were supposed to give me an answer as to if they wanted me full time or not today but the city counsel decided they needed 2 more weeks. I can't give up any of my hours at my night job until I know if I have the day job full time or not. I know my day boss would like me 5 full days at this point but I only agreed to work my 3 days plus 2 half days so I can sleep in the am. My memory isn't getting any better after stopping the toporal so it must be the zocor or plavix. New stomach med isn't working any better than the other stuff I took. I was so busy at work today that I didn't even sit at my desk. We have our big Sring banquet tomorrow for the senior center. It'll be a long day since I work tonight. Hope I get a good nap in tonight at work. In between all the work I am trying to get ready for my daughters graduation and take the dogs to the park as often as possible because we all need the exercise. Well need to go soak in the tub as I have some mysterious rash and that seems to help. Barb

Libby, I guess that they kept you overnight, which I was expecting.  You are in my thoughts and prayers!!  Wishing you the best.
The neuro Dr. said they can't rule out seizures, but that I definitely am having migraines.  So they've started me with a gradual increase on Topamax.  I have to also chart my 'auras' (the facial numbness) and depending on the increase in headaches, he may put me on more med.'s.  I hope this one pill takes care of it all! :)
hi my ladies (and any gents lurking around),

Libbbbbbby, you are home!!!  I'm so happy to hear that~I missed you and was worried about
Hi All!  Re my med.'s and migraines...they actually do not know what has caused these migraines to start up so suddenly and that there could be seizures included as well...that's why the new med. as it takes care of both!  2 for 1 lol  They say all the tests show that it's all coming from the right side where the stroke occurred, but it's not conclusive enough to say the stroke started it all.  I guess it really doesn't matter at this point, just so the med. works-right?! :)  Hugs, Teri
Lil, I wish you the best-good luck!!  

Hi Everyone!
hey all sounds like everyone doing a little better so glad to hear that i been little better can't do much but try dogs driving me to drink they both brick shy of a load talk to them all day can't understand why they don't talk back 

Hey BC that is the beauty of dogs they don't talk back unlike children. That's what makes them such great listeners. I love my little dog and have grown to love my daughters big ole pup. He can be a real pain. Have to keep an eye on him at all times. Last night he was quiet so went to check and he was chewing up the hair roller we use to remove all his hair from our clothes. I took it hit him with it more like a tap and told him he was bad and he just tilted his head and looked stupid at me. They are funny creatures. What kind do you have? Barb
Libby, how are you doing???  Wishing you well!!  Hugs, Teri :)

Good morning Teri!


Libby, I can't believe you are in this much discomfort and the pills are not helping you?!  I would suggest calling the Dr. again!!  There has to be something that they can give you for the pain to help you relax.
Hi Heidi and Lil! :)
teri,
Awwww, Libby, this is just a shame!  Not eating and in pain?  I wish I could offer you some help here-have you tried soda crackers and the uncola?  Fruit by itself can upset your stomach as well.  What about
hi teri,
Libby, I'm in Central Tx. ~it's been our usual start of the heat and drought days. lol  We had a fair here locally, and I heard the flight for life came and left 3 times-I'm sure it was due to the heat.  Just standing out there, a person could have sweat to death!  I didn't go as I knew I wouldn't have handled it well.  My daughter went~had loads of fun, got the guitar pic from one of the band members that was there. lol  (We know the Mom). :)  My son's semi-pro softball team came in 2nd place and he got the award for home run champion, plus made 'All Tournament Team'-so he was pretty happy, sweating and all! :)  My littlest bird is leaving tomorrow for the pet store.  I hate parting with any of them, but I have 4 more to pull from the nest this week and start feeding, so it's for the best...I really don't have enough room either. lol
Hey Libby, have they checked your galbladder. I was very sick like you and they kept thinking it was the acid reflux for 3 months I couldn't hardly eat or even drink anything including water it was so bad. They finally found the problem when the did a scan thing while putting something in my vein to make the galbladder work. I didn't have stones and that was why they found nothing with the ultra sound. It was pushing gal up into my stomach and causeing heartburn feeling constantly 24 hours a day and pain. Nothing worked that they tried until they pulled the little bugger out. Surgeon said he never saw one so bad and it hadn't functioned right for years. Barb
I read where Libby&nbsp;already had her gallbladder out-hope it isn't anything serious as well!! 

(((Libby)))  Hugs, Teri :)
sleepless night so i yhought i would say good morning early have a very nice day and semper fi to all marines out there 

Barb, how are you doing??
Hi Teri, I am feeling so tired and I have to use my O2 more for the spastic artery and I can't seem to get any energy even if I sleep for 8 hrs. They say I can't have the surgery until I am older but I want to know if anyone has had an artery replaced or angio on it at my age and it wasn't necessary again within 10 yrs. I am soon to be 57 in July. Would it be advised to go with the surgery and if Dr is not in favor of it find another cardio Dr.
hi teri,
Libby, you've made it this far, I hope you get through the next couple of days!! :)  My best wishes for that!!  Remember have D. post for you if he would in case they keep you!  I brought the little cockatiel (all yellow) into the pet store where I volunteer the other day...every time I walked by him, he tweeted at me-heartbreaking!  But I just can't keep them all.  I pulled 2 of the 4 that are in the nest now and just started hand feeding them tonight. :)  The other 2 were born almost 5 days after these, so I'll wait to pull them.  They are just the sweetest little things...I've been having this really terrible thirst and have been drinking water like crazy lately, in particular today...I looked up my new inhalor and it says it can cause this, plus I have Diabetes.  Golly, I'm really getting tired of going to see Dr.'s.  Really, I am!  I can't even see the pulmonologist that put me on the stuff, and I don't have enough, so I'll be going off it anyway, figured tonight was as good as any.  He doesn't accept any of my insurance and we carry 2 of them!!  Tricare is a standard around this area, we live by an Army base and Mark is retired Army, but this guy won't accept Tricare-go figure.  The other one he does accept but I have to pay 30% and at his prices-I'll be selling our home soon!!  You know that is ridiculous.  But that's a whole new gripe! lol  As Ray says, DGMS (don't get me started!) haha
hi all just thought i would say hey having a soso day new med making me weezie sick feeling but other than that ok 
Hi bc! :)  What's the new med.??  Hugs, Teri :)


Libby, I beat you to bed one night this week! :) I just pulled the 2-2 week old babies and the other two will be out of the nest by next week. So since I have to feed them early and every 4 hours except at night, I really like to go to bed a bit earlier than the norm for 
All this talk about sleep is making me tired. I had to work last night and all day today. Got a nap in at work though. 2hours and 20min to go until I can go home a crash for a few hours at least until we go out with friends. So busy getting ready for camping and then my daughters graduation next Thursday. I also get my scope done next Thursday at 12 noon. Hope it's nothing too bad. Talk to you all later maybe if time permits. Barb
hey barb,
Hi Teri &amp; Libby, hope all goes well with your scope. I found out today that the report they did up for the city council shows that they have enough to pay me full time health insurance if I become full time.&nbsp;  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; They will vote on it one the 6th of June. Keep me in your prayers. I love my job working with the seniors at the center. Barb
Good luck, Libby!!!  My thoughts and prayers are with you!!  I really hope all goes well for you and they find out what is causing you all this pain and discomfort!  Please post or have D. post??, so we know how you're doing?!
(((Barb))), I can't see any reason that they wouldn't vote this in?, do you??  I will keep the positive thoughts going your way and I do hope you get this, so you don't have to work 2 jobs anymore!!
hi all,
Hugs and good luck, Libby!!  You'll be safer at the hospital then driving through Dallas!! :)

Tell Stanley I wish him a Happy Birthday, Heidi!! :)Big Hugs friend, Teri :)
(((Libby))), thinking of you and hoping you are doing okay?!!

Hi Teri & Libby, hope your scope went well Libby. I'm too busy to be worried aboutNo Teri I don't see why they wouldn't if the council is shown that they do have the money to pay my insurance if I'm full time. I am well liked by the seniors and my boss. The problem though with the council is that they are the city aldermen and they don't know me at all. The ones that I did know that were seniors got voted out this spring. So they are looking at this very differently where it is just the money that counts to them. It still sounds good though. I will let you all know on the 7th of June. You may not hear much from me this next week with the camping and then the graduation preparations so don't worry. I'll be back. Take care everyone and have a great weekend. Barb
Barb, you have a wonderful week!!  Congratulations to your daughter on her graduation and Have a great camping trip!
Heidi, I am so sorry about
hi everyone,
Hiya, Libby!!  It's so good to hear that your results were so favorable!!  I get esophageal spasms as well. :(  I guess it sort of comes with the territory-angina-asthma, all sort of feel the same.

I've been so overly active these past few days, had a small set back this morning waking up with an asthma attack, then this afternoon after 2 long days of shopping for my daughter's B.D. and working with the birds...I had an angina attack this afternoon that I was able to conquer on my own with out outside intervention.  But left me feeling rather drained today.
Hi y'all!


Libby, please check in whenever you are able to and keep us updated!  I miss you already!! :)
Just a quick note here for all...I am having some right sided heart failure crop up again and they're playing around with my medications the past couple of days...I'm doing okay, just feeling a bit worn out.  I'm supposed to be in bed &quot;Supine&quot; was the word he used-so I am going to do that now and hopefully will get a chance to check in later!!
Teri I am so very very sorry with yur right sided heart failure acting up again, plese take care we donot want to lose you at all my dear friend and girlfriend.
(((Heidi))), you are a sweetheart, thank you!!  Sometimes I think things like this are what keeps me going!!  But, you my friend, never need an invitation, you are always welcomed here-jump in whenever you can!!  Love Ya, Teri :)
Teri, I'm also so sorry to hear about
Hi Kathlyn!!  
it is raining on and off today and more rain by late afternoon bad rain with nickle size hail they say. It usually passes over us and hits southside or beches area or&nbsp; comes up US 90 nad then&nbsp; up 6th street into Ga&nbsp; that is why i say I am blessed. well Byron called yesterday told his dad to busy to call and wish him happy B-day bujt he willbe spending the night at his place&nbsp; on Thursday and friday that he doesnot like apartment life    &nbsp; Hope he does soon. BUt Teri with him moving back ikn mens no more chores over their or&nbsp; fedding his cats Yipee!!!!!!!!!!!!!! let him do it all. donot know when he will move back for good thogh he said he will move back i n sometime and Danielle will have to find an apartment now. I donot balme him just pay light bill,phone bill, water,garbage,sewage bill too will be it. but now we can concerate on our place. but they both told their dad they were to busy oh well Steven wiotrh Pages mom then with Byroin and up in Ga at a Theme Park oh well we re living uor own life too. 
Good Morning, Heidi!! I'm happy that you are trying not to let your son's behavior affect ya'll too much! Remember in your mid 20's what you were doing...not everyone grows up at the same pace as others-I'm just sad that you always seem to be caught in the middle and it affects your health the way it does!!&nbsp; They had a lot of outside influences in their lives...Hugs, Teri :)

Oh, your are funny, Heidi!! lol  Big Hugs, Teri :)
Hi y'all,
(((Lil))), I am so very sorry for the loss of your Gram!!  Please know my prayers and best wishes are there for you and your family.
Libby, I'm thinking of you and hope all is going well!!
lil I am so sorry for you losing your grandma at such short notice. I'll be praying for traveling Mercies for yuo and yuor&nbsp; family.
Lil, how are you feeling today?  Please drop by and let us know how you're doing.  I know this has been a very stressful time for you.
Heidi, I hope you are feeling better?!-it's hard to function out there in that humidity and heat for a normal healthy person, so even more difficult with all of your health problems!  Please take care of yourself and update us on how you are feeling.
Libby, I'm hoping all is well with you out at Mayo??  You mentioned Thursday as a day you might be in contact...I'm waiting...


Lil, take care!!  My thoughts and prayers are with you.  Be safe.

(((Libby))), Good to hear from you, I was getting my worry hat on!! :)  I know Barb mentioned that last week she'd be busy, so I'm wondering where she is now, too!!



Heidi, this is the first I've heard abou how a thryoid condition and&nbsp; heart disease can be connected! Thank you for providing that info. I have CHF, too. So, now when I ask myself why I have to take my thyroid meds I'll be able to answer myself intelligently. Just as long as no one is watching when I do it. But seriously, that is something my cardiologist never told me. I keep adding items to my list for my next visit.
Hi everyone, I'm still around&nbsp;   what I could and couldn't eat because she lectured me on that as I bought an energy bar because I hadn't ate in over 12 hours. I was supposed to eat soft stuff at first but didn't really care in my drug induced and half starved state. Cake turned out beautiful and so did the party and graduation. My daughter, boyfriend and dog arrived safely in North Carolina to visit her sister in law and niece. I miss my furry grandson. I found out he is afraid of the ocean. I figured he would be. I don't think my little dog Abby&nbsp;miss's him at all though. She has just been laying around relaxing. Have to go for now to bring hubby for fence for garden to keep out bunnies and chipmunks that have taken up residence in our yard. Barb
Hi y'all,
Hi Teri, I'm not even sure if they took a biopsy or anything I was so out of it. Glad I was though. That's the best way to be for something like that. I go see him on the 16th of June, but from what I can remember everything was ok. As of the moment I am having swelling problems in my ankles and feet. It is better than it was on Saturday. It doesn't seem to be affecting my bp though. I took it Friday and it was 112 over 67. Right now I am also keeping and eye on an injury I got last weekend camping. There is a lump in the middle and it feels a little bit hot. Can't tell if it is red with all the bruising. I'll have the city nurse look at it on Tuesday and see what she thinks. Oh well think I will turn in early tonight. Very tired out from all the stuff I've been doing and extra hours at work. Talk to you all later. Barb
Hi again, Barb! :)  If they took a biopsy, it would be because they saw a suspicious area.  When do you have your follow up appt. with this Dr.?
Hi Teri, I think all was well from what I can remember after I go back on the 16th of June to see him. I normaly have some swelling because of tissue damage when I was in an accident at age 16 but this was more than the normal. I'm wondering if it could be because of my monthly cycle, but even then it doesn't usually swell that much. It did this though a few months back when I had that infection in my foot and they put me on a bp med that was also a diuretic. Can't remember what it was though. Have to call the drug store to see. I ran the fender of our small trailer we pull behind the van into my leg. It's very nasty looking. It's been in the 80's up here. I'm loving that. Summer is the best time of year. Well I really do need to get to bed. I'm sleeping in until 8 or 8:30 because it is normaly my day off so I get to pick when to come in. I told her 10am. Talk to you tomorrow. Barb
Libby, how are you doing??  I miss you! xoxoxo
PS  After having the bout of heart failure last week and then a cold hit me on top of it...I took a week off from the bird shop and until I went grocery shopping yesterday, I've been lazing around...so today I'm going to try about

I love that, Heidi!!  I always say, 'Good Morning, Lord!!' :)  When you have times with health problems cropping up-you never know from one day to the next-so you just value each one!

Heidi, you have my prayers and best wishes!!  Hugs, Teri :)
PS  Everyone, I've noticed our thread &quot;Chatting for Hearts&quot; is starting to get lengthy again...so if it gets locked, I'll just start a new one, don't panic! :)
This thread is getting really long  (180+ posts) and difficult for new members to follow, please start a new thread, preferably more shorter threads, instead of one long one, which are less cumbersome for members to follow.
Hello my fellow Ablation club members...I had mine done exactly one week ago today and man I'm glad I did. I've had absolutly no problems with my heart since the proceedure and I'm feeling pretty well. Thanks guys, and I'm glad I found you.
Thanks for the response Barb. did you feel any hard areas where the vein where they went in felt hard?   I'm not even sure what ablation is but my leg was sore for 2 months after having a heart cath done and stent put in. It eventually went away though. Exercise made it act up and by the end of the day it was really sore. Barb
I've had about 9 of them...one just a few weeks ago...



Hi dwp, no I don't think I did. It was too sore to touch but my doc did and said it felt ok to him. Just keep an eye on it for infection like Teri said. Hey Teri, my sob and chest/arm/shoulder pain went away since they cut my bp med down. My bp remains low. I still can't remember anything though. I suspect that may be from one of the other meds like the zocor. They are going to have to figure that out because I could lose my job over this and then I won't betaking any meds because I won't have insurance or any money. Barb
Hi Teri, I'm going to see about getting rid of that med first and see if it helps. It would be better to stay on the Zocor since it's for cholesterol. We'll see how that works and I guess go from there. The Zocor maybe causing some of my increased stomach problems since the lipitor made my stomach so upset when I tried that. Everything has some lovely side effect to bother us. Barb
Hi Teri and Libby, I think the Zocor maybe causeing some of my increased heartburn. I think it may also be the cause of my memory loss. This thing with my memory is getting really bad. I forgot where to turn the other day when coming home and I've come that way for the last 3 years. That is ridiculous for someone that is only 42. I could see if I was like 80 or something. What kind of problems do you have with the statins Libby? The Lipitor made my stomach hurt so bad and I couldn't eat anything. Is the niacin helping? What kind of problems does it cause? I lowered my cholesterol from 280 down to 187 with just diet and exercise. I eat low fat high fiber diet. I also eat bread with flax in it and put flax in my oat meal. I guess I'm proof that it really works. I don't think I really need a statin since I think all the damage was from when it was so high. I put garlic in alot of stuff too. Teri my bp was 126/78 yesterday with out any bp med. The nurse said that was a good bp. It was almost always 120/70 over the years. I found out that my sister has high bp. She also smokes and has high cholesterol. Barb

I've been on the Zocor since January 4th. The memory problems go way beyond forgetting where I put something. I walk a few steps and forget what I was going to do and this is numerous times during the day not just once in a while. I'll be talking and suddenly forget what I was saying and that is not something that happens once in a while it is a daily thing through out the day. I used to be able to multitask at work and home and now can no longer do that. It takes all my concentration just to get through one thing at a time. I was never like this before all the heart meds. Everyone around me has noticed. I'll check out that Zocor site. The company I get my mail order meds from has a wonderful site with all the side effects and everything on them. That is one of the sites I looked at for the toporal. Barb
Yours could very well be from all that. I don't have any permanent damage to my heart and my oxygen levels are where they should be so I don't think that is my problem. I'll keep you updated on my progress. Barb



Just got around to reading this one Teri. What a neat story and oh so true. Barb
Just wanted to jump in and Say may all the mothers on this beautiful board have a Happy Mothers day and the Fathers who step up and do the mom's job too and are both mom and dad for what ever circumastance may you all have a Happy Mother Day and a Beautiful Blessed Day.
Thank you, Heidi!!  And Happy &quot;Mom's&quot; day to you as well!
Hi everyone, hope you have a great Mothers day. I am waiting for a call from Iraq from my son. Haven't heard from him in a few weeks. I heard from his wife that the phones were down for a few weeks. He only had a few minutes to call her on his phone card and of all the things he asked her if she was cheating on him. Her CO told her that it is normal for him to feel that way and to not take offense to it. He was kind of down the last time we talked. I am going to cook out with a few of my sisters today and then I'm going to get to work on making 40 home made rice krispie bars for my son and his garage over there and then figure out how to use my new seal a meal gadget to seal them up. I'll be off to the post office bright and early to send them. That is my sons favorite and he only likes the home made ones. He has been requesting them but I didn't know how to get them there with out being stale after 3-4 weeks in the mail. Hope this works. He deserves his favorite treat. I think it is sweet that he wants to share with all the guys. His wife sent me a beautiful card from them both. My daughter made a card and then got me a rose and some scrapbook paper. She even left my parking spot open for me after work this morning. That was a surprize when I arrived home at 7:30am. I usually end up parking in the street. Hope you all hear from your kids today. Barb
Barb, how wonderful for you! I hope you do get to hear from your son soon, but it sounds like for the moment, he knows you are there for him and that's all he needs to know and feel! I want to know how your seal&nbsp;thing works...send me an email! :) Big hugs, Teri :)
Hi Teri, no call from son yet. I'm a little bummed about that, but if he doesn't call I'll send him a motomail letter that he should get tomorrow. I still have to call his wife today to wish her a happy Mothers day. Maybe my son got a call to her. I think my daughter has to work today. Church service was really nice. I worked last night so need to take a nap here soon. My hubby will watch the phone in case my son calls. Well I think if it doesn't rain we'll bring the pups to the dog park. We brought them to the other dog park yesterday and it is really neat. We were there 2 hours and all came home exhausted. They had something going on called pugs in the park in the small dog area. They were so cute. Never saw so many pug dogs at once. Did your daughter or hubby get you anything for mothers day? What are you doing to day? Hope it doesn't rain or that will ruin my cookout with sisters. Oh well have to eat out then maybe. We'll see. Barb
I know it's hard when your mom is gone. My hubby and I got a little misty eyed when they mentioned moms that has passed away at the church service. It's been a long time for both of us but it still hurts some. You never forget your mom and how much she meant to you and still does. It'll get a little easier as the time goes by. Barb

What a beautiful poem Teri. Here is a really neat e-mail someone sent me for mothers day. Of course it means alot to me since I am a grandma which by the way is one of the greatest rewards of having children.
can anyone help with this and if anyone else has it so I can talk to them. the dr. wants to wait on surgery until it is really necessary and know I am O2 when needed . Thank you
Thank you Teri for answers to my post. Yes, that is what I have. For yrs they thought I had 55% blockage and didn't want to do anything still it was at least 90%. In 2004 I had another heart cath and the Dr. said I had a very small artery and he is sure it is a birth defect. That is what causes the spasms when it gets overworked. I get so short of breathe with it and in Feb. the pain was so intense and BP was 214/110 that we called 911 and I was sure I was having a MI b/c it didn't feel like other attacks I have had before. But it was after blood test were taken and kept me overnight to make sure. Dr said I was very lucky b/c if I stayed home and didn't get help it would of beeen a MI. He put me on O2 at that time for home and when I get pain I put it on and it does help get the O I need. I have chaged my life style completely and I know I can't do things like I used too so we will be a good girl and do just that. When it gets when nothing helps much then we will do surgery. I will visit this site often b/c I see someone cares about my ? and I enjoy the chats too. Thank you again and anyother info you get about this ,please let me know. E-mail is 
 

I am 70 years old, and just had a heart cath and was told I had the thickening around the heart (pericardium).&nbsp; I go to the Dr Thurs at 1 PM and I know he is going to tell me I have to have a by-pass (they also found two block arteries - one in the back 40% and one in the front 60%).&nbsp; They usually don't do anything to the blockages as they are low, but since they have to go in to do the pericardium they'll do the two blockages.&nbsp; I am scared to death.&nbsp; I read here and most are very young people.&nbsp; I am also a diabetic and very overweight.&nbsp; Seems I've been very emotional since Fri when I had the heart cath.&nbsp; Thanks for listening.&nbsp; Marlou

I do hope I hear from some of you.  I am nervous and scared, but I can't go on feeling the way I do.  I have such a heavy feeling all across my chest.  I read where some of you have this feeling in your throat.  I am 70 years old, that is one of the things that scare me.  I have 5 small grandchildren that I'd like to see grow up.  I really would appreciate hearing from some of you.  Thanks Mary Lou
Mary, how are you doing??  Hoping you are okay, as okay can be?!
Hello All,Trevor
Hi again Lisa, Melina
hi leo89 every 2 to 3 weeks we move closer. he now has chest pressure, winded, fluid/edema. did they tell you that you had heart failure? its not really heart failure but a symptom of the contriction from the pericardium. we were told to lower sodium and fluids to 50 ozs, other then that not alot, now i do know now to take motrin if you have heart failure symptoms its makes it worse.... as in how you feel, for us its been a struggle for balance and stability, i awalys worry if its something we are doing wrong or if its progression, or both. if i am unclear on anything just ask, i dont mind, so please ask, i do find myslf on the phone with the docs on a bi weekly sched. i hope i amswerd some of your qustions of not just reply back...... can never have to much info..... great to hear from you, and look forward to more post....... i personaly got more from this forum then any other place.... i dont feel alone....which is worth ... priceless.... thanks ... lisa



Good morning!David.


Hi from today's latest newbie (I think). Here is my tale.
Hi Toot-toot, I was on amioderone for four and a half years. 200 mgs maintenance after starting in the hospital with 800 mg loading dose. It was a miracle for my arrythmias. I stopped taking it&nbsp;three months ago in the hope that the arrythmias&nbsp;would not come back...no such luck! I have heart failure and LBBB. The only side effects I had were sunburn, even through car windows , and hair thinning. I also had to increase my thyroid&nbsp;meds.&nbsp;It is a potent drug but certainly worked for me. Shall have to decide whether to go back on it or see whether a bi-ventricualr pacer would do the same thing...Jay.
Hi Jay!  It's good to see you here and thanks for the input, it's much appreciated!!
toot toot,
Steve, I was hoping you'd be along!!  I'm always thinking of you!
Thanks to you, Steve and Jay and to Teri and the nih link is now permanently bookmarked. Also, yesterday I sent in $50 donation (amazon?), so if it it doesn't show up let me know.p.s. Worst part of this chf + other malady business for me has been loss of mental capacity. Up to two years ago I was reading and writing fairly prolifically. Even published two books (of the soft variety) and a few stories on some net groups (nice, but not much to brag on until it matures more). At this point I put total blame (credit?) on the variety of meds and med changes occurring in last two years.
Hi Toot!! :)

Thanks, Peter!  Teri :)

I have recently been diagnosed with constrictive pericarditis by a cardiologist at a VA hospital but after reading about the symptoms others experience, I am not convinced that I have it.

Thanks Teri:Les
Hello everyone,I am scared of starting to run again after 6 weeks post closure, afraid that i will do harm on the device. Any advice? Im planning to start slow, building up my aerobic slowly but not sure if my heart could take it. I always have the tendency of pushing myself harder when exercising.


Well.......I should exericse. When I became ill a few weeks ago I have not been back to the gym.    But the ones that I like to do are the ones I learned in cardiac rehab. BTW, when I return I'm going to ask for suggestions from the team to get started all over again. I have heard of other heart patients going full force after not exercising and getting in trouble with that. But....I like the cardioglide because I'm so dang fat it's hard to walk and gets my heart rate up too high. The cardioglide is something (I hope I'm calling it the right thing, I have another thing at home called something like this.) that you sit down on and push pedals back and forth while moving your arms back and forth, kind of like ski poles is all I can think of. Then I do 2 sets of most of the weight machines. They told me how much I could lift and how to add reps, etc. I dont' lift much with my arms. Anyway, I've been feeling really guilty and like I'm not taking good care of myself. I am going back!! I promised myself today. 
Good for you Kathlyn and I'll be rooting in your corner for you!!
Thanks, Teri! Some great topics here! Keeps me on my toes, lol. Hope you are well. Hugs.




nikki you are one tuff lady i wish you nothing but the best 





Nikki, how are you doing today?!  Have any plans for Memorial Day?  We're just going to kick back and relax, my husband starts a new job Tues., so we're going to appreciate the days he does have off for now-might be a while til it happens again. lol  Hugs, Teri :)

Hmmm...Relaxing and cleaning? lol  No bon bons and the women's channel?!  Just teasing!



Yes My weekend was good.&nbsp; I never did get a chance to clean.&nbsp; Oh and plans have changed I am going to califionia instead of Pueblo.
That's okay, Nikki Jo, those dust bunnies will wait for you to clean them when you are ready!! lol
No but my grandma, uncles, and cousins live out there.&nbsp; I am going to have a break from things and visit my family.&nbsp; Its such a beautiful place out there.



I spose this is an appropriate place to discuss what happened today.  I had a follow-up visit with a psychologist.  This followed about
Yeah, Teri.  Life is too big a deal to take seriously.  :)



hi all,

don't eat fast food any more want to but wife won't let me lots of fresh veggies lately 

Does anyone have any experience with this protocol?I'm just curious if anyone has tried this protocol or have any first or second hand knowledge of someone who has.

Hello everybody.&nbsp; I'm joining this forum on behalf of my fiancee.&nbsp; She's only 36.&nbsp; She has a stent (which is mostly blocked), 2 heart attacks, 7 cardio cathertizations, diabetes type 1, insulin resistance, sarcoidosis in lungs, COPD, arthritis, carpal tunnel syndrome, a touch of diabetic retinopathy in a eye, high cholesterol and triglycerides, high blood pressure, GERD, esophagitis, stomach ulcer, duodenitis, and ulcerative colitis.&nbsp; Not to mention lots of depression.&nbsp; Who wouldn't, right?&nbsp; 

Boy, that was a fast reply, Teri!  Thanks!  What is Barrett's?  To reply to your inquiries:  Her heart attacks were minor and before I met her, so I don't have first hand knowledge of them.  No one has mentioned bypass yet, but I read in the forum and in yesterdays newspaper about
I'm not saying that I want a cardiac episode, but If she's going to have a 10 pound hammer drop on her foot, I want there to be two 5 pound hammers.  One for each of us.  I'd like to do the Vulcan Mind Meld, and turn off her discomfort, but that is not to be.  Sometimes all I can do is just BE THERE for her.  I know she appreciates it so much, but for me it seems inadequate.  She takes SO much insulin. She was on the pump taking pure Novalog at a rate of 3.4 units per hour, plus 3 per 100 and a 6:1 carb ratio.  Now the pumps canula is causing infections so now she takes 24 units of Humilin in the morning and 36 units at night, plus 6 units of Novalog 4 times a day PLUS 3.5 per 100 when checked, PLUS the 6:1 carb ratio.  Is this normal?  She's taking enough insulin to put a horse into shock.
Check out this site, paxman!
She's an ex-smoker.  Her diet is watched very carefully with the occasional cheat.  90% turkey and fish.  Low fat, low carb, lots of protein, and the once a week Burger King chicken sandwich.  Some candy when her sugar is low, but that's rare.
Hey, great site with lots of imformative stuff.  Thanks.  I hope she's home tomorrow too, but I'd rather they DO something instead of giving her another blood thinner and nitro tabs that give killer headaches.  On the other hand, I don't want them to crack her 
 


They are saying that this particular blockage is in a small vessel.  She can't take statins because it makes her liver functions go wild.  Sigh.  Her diet is healthy, and it seems that it's going to be so healthy she'll never like it.  No fat, no salt, (heart).  No starch, no sugar, (diabetes).  Low fiber (colonitis).  Looks like ostrich meat and plain yogurt.  Gulp.
One doc says one thing, and another doc says another thing, and the nutritionist is in the middle.  Just no fast food, and eat healthy at home.     Life goes on.
I will tell her, and when she's here, I'll put her on.  Thank you SO MUCH for all of the links and compassion.  Good night for now.
Hi Jim,
Jim, how is Tammy doing now that she's back at home?!  Drop us a line and keep in touch!-give her our best! 
Welcome, Paxman. I'm a bit late in reading your post, but see you've received excelent advice and support from LilacGal, Teri, and Pat already. What a great guy you are to support your fiance in the way you do. I'm sure you are lucky to have her, as well. This certainly is a great place to find support and information. Hugs, Kathy
Hi all.&nbsp; Tammy's been home for some time now.&nbsp; Her chest pains are down.&nbsp; I found a cardiologist and an allergist/immunologist that takes her insurance and she sees them next weeks.

Yup, I mentioned the sarcoid in my first post, but that was a bit dwarfed by the heart ailment.  Her immune system is in high gear right now.  The diabetes, sarcoid, arthritis, and digestive disorders are all caused by it.  A doctor once mentioned using low level cancer drugs to suppress her immune levels to manageable levels, but it's risky since chemo is essentially a low level poison as well.  Sigh.
I think I'll borrow him, Teri. Good stuff to remember.
  &nbsp;Hi every,this is my first post on this board,I'am from the crohns and arthritis forum.

Curley, have you had a chance to look at some of the other articles here yet?! :)  Plenty to read!!
hey--let me know--anyone--thanks


hey again-- the burning in my left arm, jaw and upper chest and he just blew it off--he ended up prescribing me prednisone(which he said was a temp. relief) then, he's like well if the predisone doesn't work, then what do you want me to do? and i am thinking, i am paying you to figure that out!!! AGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!! i know he thinks i am just over reacting--but, i want him to deal with these chest pains for 5 months and see how it feels--i am so frustrated right now--thanks for listening
Hi, another opinion might be in order. I remember when my dad had and EKG at different times. And honestly, the test doesn't show everything aboutVinny

Hello, Moon Sun:Les
hey everyone--  thanks for your thoughts--well, i took the prednisone (which was supposed to help) and it didn't do a darn thing!!  i am going back yet again!!!! i am so sick of doctors--they all think that i am too young to have any heart issues--it's like they just pass if off as costo (a common chest pain term) so, i will see what happens when i go in again--i will let you all know--thanks!!


Hi Vikki,Vinny
Hello Vikki and Welcome to HealingWell. You've received some great advice from everyone here, so I won't add any additional comments. Just glad you came here and that you get the help you need. Hugs, Kathy




Nice to meet you, Oona. I'm looking forward to getting to know you better!



I also just started using my CPap again. I had used one (attempted to) several years ago and was not very successful. Since then I had a retriatation or retritration study and the pressure was set lower. It's helped me use it more effectively and I can tell that it's helping me feel a little better. The funny thing is iI just got off the phone with my best friend, Jane, who had a sleep study and who's mother just had a sleep study. Jane gets her machine tomorrow and her mother does not know if she is going to need one or not. Many people use them now. There is a connection between sleep apnea with heart disease, diabetis and several other problems. Glad you posted this, Teri!
I also wanted to mention that all the professionals that I talked to, including the pulminary specialist, said that surgery and medications are not as effective as the CPap or BiPap machines, although they do work for some people. I also know from listening to them and reading that losing weight if you are overweight, as well as exercize can improve sleep apnea. 

I remember how my Uncle looked that's all--You seem to be young for this no??I hope this works for you I know it seems tohelp alot of people!!
Ironic that this should come up at this time.  My wife has just done the sleep study and found to have rather severe sleep apnea.  She'll be starting on the C-PAP soon.  
I had a totally different type mask only 6 years ago than the ones they have now. They are way more comfortable now. The older ones deterioritated sooner, too. Now there is something new that looks like the apparatus for oxygen, rather than a mask. You can see it toward the bottom of this page: http://www.mrdrugs.com/c_bi_pap.htm  I'm thinking that this would be much easier to adjust to for some of us instead of a mask. This is called an Innomed Nasal Aire TM. Whew, what a moutful!!

Lil, in answer to your question...  Hugs, Teri :)
I am not sure who it was. But must have been a peepin' Tom? LOL. My dreams are always odd. Nothing very deep in them either. Hahaha
 

 
PS  Ray...I moderate the Allergy and Asthma board as well...check it out when you get a chance.  I was just talking about

Good luck Lil. My friend, Jane, got her CPap yesterday and did pretty well with it for the first night. She got one of those masks that I have talked about

LOL&gt; I had a chin strap with m yold one, and I think that's why I got divorced shortly after. JUST KIDDING. lol. But it is quite attractive, especially with the chin strap and head gear thing. I am definitely a mouth breather, but for some reason I dont' seem to do it with the machine. Let us know how it goes. I can't wait to hear about



You be good Teri...&nbsp;    

Woohoo!&nbsp; Made it five hours last night.&nbsp; yay!!!&nbsp;    

Lil, you are doing wonderfully. I forgot to ask what type of mask are you using? I'm thinking of going to this one that just has &quot;pillows&quot; in the nostrils. My friend Jane is doing reallywell with her's. I'm just curious about

Thanks, Lil. I am going to get one of those. They sound like just the ticket! I hope you are feeling better today. Hugs, Kathy


Wow, that is terrific. Ijust have to get one of those types of masks! Congrats, Lil!
  &nbsp; Here I go again --back in with&nbsp;can't breathe&nbsp;and mild cp I guess I did pretty well for the last 4 months--so back to square one!

Miss you much Teri -- Hugs:)-- They continue to go back to thinking I am &quot;NORMAL&quot;  I think that is what causes all my problems and delays  Oh well  such is life!!!

Hi Star and all.
My answer...yes they checked my levels 2-3 times.  Hugs, Teri :)
Yes they did my cardiac enzymes q8 hours, I was told my troponin level didn't bump up at all--  but then I have had much blockage without it being elevated-  I finally got to see my cardio last Thurs --He looks at me and says &quot;you certainly are a real challange&quot;  he stopped my Toporal XL and started me on Cardizem 120 mg--I am scheduled for ANOTHER stress test this Friday (I wonder why we waste my time and the insurance company's money, as they are ALWAYS NORMAL) and back to see him two weeks later-

Went to a vascular surgeon yesterday hoping to set up appts to get some spider veins zapped from my left leg. He took a complete history and felt my pulses etc. Did a qucik doppler on the leg arteries and said I needed further testing. Long story short, after an arterial doppler study, it was found that I have&nbsp;claudication in the left leg. At rest, my pressure is 70% of normal; after five minutes of exercise, my pressure is 29% of normal.

yeah I do.going to surgeon next wednesday to set up a date for stenting.MRA found that my right leg is 90% blocked.only hurts when I walk more than 5 feet.well maybe a litlle more than that.got so bad now, that my foot is starting to cramp all the time.walk as far as you can and sit awhile until the pain goes away and do it some more walking

I was planning on emailing you when I found out something.I just hope I don't start over again.started at the top with carotid endarterecomy in Jan 2003.Mi Oct 2003,legs June 2005.gone from top to bottom.I am really ready for it to stop lol
I can definitely understand how you feel, Ricky!!  I will hope and pray with you-that this is it!!  Big Hugs, Teri :)

Thanks everyone! I am seeing my PCP on Tuesday and hoping he can get me in some sort of program. I have spondyloarthritis with enthesopathy and when it flares I cannot get around unless I use two canes or a walker. The danger during a flare is that I will further tear or rupture more tendons. This last flare involved all the tendons in the knees, ankles and hip. Sort of puts me between a rock and a hard place. I am betting he is going to recommend the surgery. I'll let you know. 


Thanks, Teri. Yes, I am a bit of a mess as one of docs jokingly says. I recently had an echocardiogram and it was completely normal. I already made a note to ask about
Awwww Ides, that is definitely no fun to have (the neuropathy)!!  My Godmother and my Dad both had that - it really was the pits!  You take care, Ides and please keep me posted re all that's happening now with you and these tests!  Do they have you on something in particular for that?  I think my Dad was on Neuronton?
I am patting myself on the back. I walked .6 mile today. Not far for some but a HUGE feat for me. My claudication problem kicked in at the 2 block mark. I stopped and resumed when the pain subsided some. Question - does anyone know if you do damage to the muscle by continuing to walk with the muscle cramping? I'll ask my doc when I see him tomorrow. Tomorrow I have PT and an appointment so I am setting my goal to walk 1 mile Wednesday.
good job Ides.I go about

Ricky and Teri,

I was hoping I could get full use of the golf cart at work,guess I have to keep walking   .working at a 250 unit apartment complex I do alot of walking it just takes me longer to get from one place to another since I have to stop every once in awhile.no 2 work orders are ever on the same side of the property.

One mile today! Took 27 minutes because I had to stop five times to let the pain in the left calf subside. Then did 20 minutes of modified Pilates with my daughter. I am worn out and need to cook dinner. Gotta keep pushing forward.

I have been walking every day. Today I noticed that during my mile timed walk I only had to stop four times instead of the five I have been stopping. I believe that this is a great improvement. Don't want anyone to think I am a slacker, one quarter of this route is sharply uphill. I read that walking up an incline is really good for the PAOD. It is so hard to make myself go, but I do. Bless my daughter and husband - one or the other tries to go with me.

&nbsp;
I have occasionally woken up with bruises.&nbsp; I look at them and think, "How do I not remember getting one like that?!!!"&nbsp; I don't know if that's blood pooling problems or not.&nbsp; I'll check that article out Teri.&nbsp; :)

I just got my Cath drwaing in the mail and prior to me receiving this, we were told i did not suffer an MI.

Hi TexRose - Wow - that would be a shocker to get something like that in the mail! That alone could give you a heart attack! I would suggest going to Medical Records at that hospital and ordering all your records from that visit (better yet, from ALL your visits) Oona


TexRose....me again.BTW, I happen to think they were very aggressive in stenting you with a 40-60% block, but I'm not a Doc, and that is just my opinion.



Hi Teri, Thanks for your concern but 68% of patients search the net for answers.&nbsp; 70% of patients are unhappy with their current health care providers.&nbsp; These numbers are alarming. 
I'm very glad that it did help you, TexRose!!-just wanted to make sure all was okay with you-And I am a worrier. :)

Thought I'd check with some seasoned experts!&nbsp; I've been having this "flutter" sensation, in the middle of my chest, more up by the base of my neck (or between the base of my neck and throat), but right in the center.&nbsp; It's really a quick thing, like a single spasm if that makes sense...like a catch when you exhale.

Larz, I just wanted to check and see how you've been doing?  Is your problem continuing, or has it resolved itself?

Bumping this up so that new members can see this...Hugs, Teri :)
Hope everyone is finding the site easy to follow, if not, please just give a holler!
Hi all - I have had swelling in my ankles on & off (CHF), and last week I was at the clinic and asked for a diuretic. I'm completely off salt - no processed foods at all, do not eat out, etc. and all of a sudden my ankles have been swollen lately. The only thing that's changed that I can think of is the weather - much hotter now, but I'm not even outside that often.Oona
Well, if it isn't my FL heartsister Heidi! (Teri, why is my mCode disabled? - least of my problems, lol!)
Hi Teri - thanks for your reply - I suspected we had a few things in common  (mCode is being able to write posts in purple, etc.!!)
Hi Teri - I still don't get the mCode options...must be because I'm on another platform, but thanks for the info.Oona


Thanks Teri for the welcome!!I do see the cardiac ablation thread but I cant reply to it.  The reply feature doesnt seem to be there.  Is that because it's locked?
Yes, Julie it got locked because it was getting too lengthy and hard to follow...so now we'll start a new one! :)  I didn't realize we didn't have a part II yet.
LIL!!  Best of luck on Friday.  I really hope the second time is successful for you.


Hello:
Les, I posted something under the pericarditis thread already, but it does seem to be fairly rare....Teri :)
I was diagnosed with pericarditis on March 7, 2013. They took a EKG, blood test and chest X-ray and everything seemed fine. They gave me tordah  while I was in hospital to ease the pain which helped. There after, they prescribed that I take 800 mg of Ibuprofen 3 times daily for pain and inflammation and omeprazole 1 time daily to ease the side effects of Ibuprofen on the stomach. It's been 3 days so far since I've been taking Ibuprofen, and the pain is gone for the most part (just a twitch every now and then)but I still feel a little fatigue and have a little problem with breathing when I lay down. Can someone explain whether there is a cause to remain concern? I am schedule to follow ups with my cardiologist.
Hello, I'm just new to this site but I had a pericardiectomy last Jan 31, 2012 and was away from work for 1 year and 3 days to be exact. I was supposed to return last July 1, 2012 but our Company Nurse told me to finish the rehab up to Oct 2012. Unfortunately, I encountered blood pressure problems around Nov 2012 so they prescribed some pills to control it. By the last week of Jan 2013, my Cardiologist gave me the go-signal to return to work with no restrictions. I'm still on medication but my main goal right now is to stay fit by using the treadmill, lots of walking and eating &quot;little bit of everything&quot;.To Daily Dil, just follow what the Doctors say and all will be well. I was diagnosed with constrictive pericarditis after almost five years of taking lasiks to reduce water retention. They did a lot of tests and posed a lot of problems with my schedule both personal and work. I will post my story next time and I hope you get well.
pericarditis is easily diagnosed by properly reading an EKG and by symptoms.  Unfortunately many young ER docs have not encountered this condition and do not recognize it.  I was fortunate to have the second trip to the ER with a doc who did diagnose correctly.  Rest and ibuprofen are the main cure.  I also read everything on the net.  I heard a gurgle in the heart one day and new immediately that it was fluid around the heart.  The best natural diuretic  is watermelon.  I drove to the store bought a watermelon and ate the whole  thing during that day and another one the next day.  I also limited my water intake to try to dry myself out. It worked and I continue to eat watermelon but not near food intake as it will ferment. I have seen 2 naturopathic docs that specialize in heart conditions.  I take a lot of supplements but do not have health insurance so I figure it is up to me to take care of this body.  I am 60 years old and determined to recover.  I slept 20 hours a day for the first month and you have to sleep almost sitting up.  I tried to come off the ibuprofen at 4 weeks but had a bad attack.  I think this condition has been lingering around the heart for years before it became bad.  I had the shoulder pain and a little heart pain for a long time.  A virus a week before the attack.  I am not going to do prednisone or colchisine unless it is not gone at 3 months.  Prednisone can cause it to come back later and colchisine  can affect bone marrow.  Ibuprofen is a miracle drug.  I have no pain at 600mg every 4 hours.  If i go longer i have some pain.  dont stop the ibuprofen until it is all gone or the inflammation can come back.  I am back at work but i try not to move too fast or stress my heart.  Tai chi is my exercise and slow walks.  good luck everyone.
I have had pericarditis for almost 8 weeks.  for about 3 inches in diameter.  It is red with a white ring around it.  Any ideas what this is.  thank you
Hi John & welcome to the forum. As far as restrictions go what has the cardiologist advised you aboutModerator in Chronic Pain & Psoriasis Forums

 
&nbsp;

That's it, Heidi!!  lol
Oh I'm with you Heidi your as young as you feel. I don't feel 42 and I sure don't look it thanks to years of good skin care, sunblock and a healthy life style. People can't believe I'm a grandma. I want to be the grandma that goes on rides, swims, bikes and goes to water parks with the grandkids. Woohoo enjoy life to the fullest. Barb
So the Statins are definitely not going to help my high cholesterol. I took Lipitor for one month faithfully every other day. I still experienced leg cramping and swelling and the all over flu-like feeling. And the scary part is my total cholesterol went from 281 to 277. All the statins do this to me and my PCP had hoped an every other day regime might make that less likely to occur. My total cholesterol went from 211 to 301 while on Zetia.

Thanks for the links, Teri. I had already researched the drugs and prescribing information. I was hoping to hear people's real life experiences with the drugs. At this point I have little hope that anything can control my cholesterol problem. The only time it was within normal limits was when I was having a Crohn's flare and having diarrhea 10-18 times a day. Some trade-off!

Your symptoms are similar to whst I experirnced. You will probably need another ablation because you may have atrial flutter.   I would throughly recommend it as I have had two.  The first was a disaster but the second, as at day 5, has me in sinus rhythm. See my post on 5.3.14 - name ablatee.  I am cognisant, however, that success or failure can only be determined at day 90.All the best.
Hi all, I am wondering if anyone out there has been diagnosed with this.&nbsp; I do not need information on this as I have done a lot of research but would like to communicate with those that have this or had this and how they were treated for this.&nbsp; 


I wish you well.  Teri
Thanks Teri..


performed a couple months ago due to a megga amount of fluid built up because of chemotherapy side effect.&nbsp; 
Had this surgery 10 weeks ago. Lots of complications.
Are pacs caused by anxiety?Not taking any beta blockers as they diminished my libido .
Great work up Rickk90! You have very good reasons not to worry.
aboutIt’s bewildering to not know what’s going on, if they are just random skipped beats from lack of rest or inadequate warm-up, if it’s natural, or etc. and in the back of my mind I really pray nothing’s wrong with me and would hope I not have to get a pacemaker for years to come God-willing (if that’s the only true way to tell.)
HiPeter
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Hello, Thank you!
Hi everyone, this is my first post here so forgive me for any faux pas, however I'd really appreciate some help   what I can and can not eat, and given that I'm hardly a well trained chef, my options for meals are getting slimmer all the while.
Hello. I have suffered with PVCs for many years - and am hoping to open a discussion that will generate resources and provide support-
Hi there,Emma
I am trying to communicate with Jodie 333 regarding her experience with PFO closure. How are you now?Thanks you!
I just recently found out that I have POTS and my Dr said we could try a beta blocker it wasn't necessary but said if I were his daughter he would try it. I was prescribed toprol I haven't started it yet. I was wondering if anyone else has this and what they do to help I know exercise is a big part of treatment but I'm afraid to exercise since when I stand up my heart rate can go as high as 130 then to 150 just from walking around in the kitchen. I don't know anyone else who has this.
Has anyone had ASD closure with an amplatzer device and got it removed after over some (5-10) years? my doctor is stating (from an echo) that the device is touching the aorta and should be removed due to potential risks. I am wondering after so many years if it would be a problem to get it removed with an open heart surgery or since I do not have abnormal symptoms if I should wait and get checked regularly. Thanks..
I've been following the diet from Prevent and Reverse Heart Disease by Caldwell Esselstyn. It is working beautifully for me, and wondering if there's others doing this too?
How are you all!  I am a 43 year old female, started smoking at age 15, quit at age 29. I have a history of drinking frequently, although not so much in the past 3 years. I admit I drank way too much in my 20's and 30's. Now I only drink once a month if that. 
Hello,Lori
Hello all. Newbie here. Here's a little aboutBTW, I don't have high blood pressure. Last time it was taken it was 118/72
I am 48 yo women, mostly in good health.  I do not smoke, drink, drink alot of caffeine or taking any other illegal substance.  I have been waking up in the middle of the night or early morning hours to a rapid heartbeat.  I wouldn't say over 200 beats but maybe 140-160.  I believe I am sensitive to my heart and feel it when it either skips beats, or pauses or rapid beating, than many others.  I have been pretty much my adult life.  I do have anxiety and have had it for many years but mainly its been under control until the last month or so.  My life has become more stressful and overwhelming at times.  I have been taking a anxiety med that seems to help and not sure if this may be the cause.  When my heart beats hard and fast like that, it creates the anxiety or they go hand in hand and then I get worried and scared.  I have tried a few techniques I have learned over the years but this past Friday night I woke up about 20 minutes. I am sure my anxiety kicked in and made things worse.  I am going to my cardiologist actually tomorrow.  But just wondered if anyone else has this experience and what has worked best with them.
Hi, so as above, after putting it off for months for various reasons i went and had a cardiac CT last week and my dr. informed me via email (because i emailed him for the result) that i have CAD.  He sent me the report and i've done some reading.  It all sounds a bit scary to me.  This is the main part:Danny in Sydney.
Hi everyone,
Hi, I am new to this forum and could use some advice and answers.Any other advice?  Should I make a TEE scope the top of my priority list?  I thought it was low priority however I read other places that a PFO can become bigger with time and become a problem typically in your mid 30's to 40's?  Hello that's when my diagnoses of anxiety started.  I know I have a big anxiety problem now.  However when you feel like crud constantly and feel like you are going to fall over I am not sure if the sensations are PFO driving my anxiety up or if the doctors are correct that it is all in my head.  I have many more symptoms.  I have had tinnitus since September.  Doctor did not even look into my ear for wax build up, that too was blown off.  I am not very trusting of most doctors because they act like they don't care.  Thanks for your time.
Having pains in my chest for almost 3 weeks they come and go its in the center to the left side shoulder and shoulder blades and lower back hurts been to hospital 6 times already had ekgs blood work xrays and test for blood clots each time always comes back fine but pain is still there anybody have any idea i am 28 years old get a gd work out everyday at work but i do smoke cigs no drinking and quit smoking weed but no improvement please help going crazy think it is my heart but doctors say no but i am having trouble beliving that
Hi! I am a 25 year old female. I have had chest discomfort for 3 months that won't go away. I have had all the tests (echo, stress, ekg) all came back normal. Cardiologist said I have &quot;probable&quot; mitral valve prolapse meaning he didn't see it on echo but thinks he hears clicking.I have a history of Lyme disease.
Can someone still have myocarditis with several normal ekgs, normal echos (two done: one in 2016 one in 2017), and normal stress test?I've had chest discomfort on the left side for three months to no avail. Please help! I'm scared.
Hello,
Hi there, I've been stalking this forum and others for awhile and finally need to see if anyone can give me some insight on my ol' ticker.​​​​​​​-C
I just cross posted this in the Anxiety forum as well.I guess im just terrified that my heart will do that and it'll just stop completely....
I'm a 21 year old male with no medical conditions. For around five years I have experienced occasional palpitations and skipped beats. I have seen two cardiologists one of which is also an electrophysiologist. To date I have had, one stress test, two echocardiograms, three holter monitors fitted, 7 12-lead ECG' and 12 blood tests and a chest x-ray all which were deemed normal. 
Hey everyone!  First post here!  All of you seem very knowledgeable aboutGeoff
 
Hello Folks,Jay combo
My husband is 42, very athletic, exercises 5 days a week.  he is very conscious aboutThank you
My young, and healthy husband with excellent lifestyle had chest pain last week. We did an angiogram, the doctors found 2 blocks Thanks
Hello: I remember being 25 having my first round of heart palpitations/skipped beats/short runs of tach... over the years, I am now 60, they have gotten worse so that I have gone to the ER a number of times and feel that virtually every day I am going to die. I cry all the time and feel so depressed. It was discovered that I have some atrial palpitations...I think almost 200 (wore a Holter Monitor) and 13,000 PVC's - hence, my uncomfortable feelings in my chest. Being an anxious person doesn't help! This makes my anxiety go off the charts, of course! I tried Bispropolol 1.25 mg...couldn't take it...tried it for about a year wait to even see this doctor! Any help or direction would be appreciated! I am off to get greens to juice and buy V8 to try too....any direction? Oh, had all the blood work that came back normal too, but I understand intracellular potassium/magnesium is NOT the same as available in the blood, so can't really tell what you may be low in. Thank you!
Ok guys I literally came out of the ER. Last night during my sleep I woke feeling like I was going to faint or get a heart attack. I've been suffering from dizziness for 6 months now.ER Dr just said follow up with your GP
So I already suffer with severe anxiety and panic disorder. I've always had palpitations, dizziness and lightheadedness. Everything was always chalked up to be anxiety. My Dad suffered a massive heart attack a month ago, so I decided to go in for a physical. I told my doctor everything and she decided to order an echo and stress test. I passed the stress test with flying colors but my echo came back with mild left ventricular hypertrophy 1.0-1.2 She suggested I go and talk with a cardiologist. He didn't seem concerned whatsoever. Said due to my high anxiety, I have high blood pressure. Not to mention I could definitely stand to lose 15-20 lbs. I'm SO scared of this. I'm terrified that I'm just going to drop dead. I've been dizzy and lightheaded all day. I'm trying to say it's my anxiety but idk! Please help
Lately ive been incredibly stressed, fighting with my spouse, financial issues, etc. Normal things for some.Thank you for any and all answers/experiences!
I also had a heart ablation done exactly a week ago..mine also took four hours, I had a small episode the next morning in the hospital even though my ablation was successful and one that night..has anyone else had this happen to them? Also he gave me beta blockers to take for the next 2 weeks because of that episode in the hospital..I only took them two days after because they made me feel like crap. I was wondering if this has happened to anyone else? Also my heart rate still happens to be a little over 100 sometimes...can this be normal..so far no very high episodes after that day.
Hi Folks,Jay combo
Hello all, 
Hello everyone,Thanks,
Hello, This has been bothering me for sometime now, i was 35 years old and went for a casual doctor visit and they suggested a 2-D echo, for no reason, i thought and i thought i will take it for heck of it. I used work out every day, and run upto 3 miles non-stop for 45 minutes.Am totally confused. This is my little lost story so far...
I had a holter monitor last week and they uploaded the results to my patient portal. I also had an ECHO but they refuse to upload until after my follow up appt which is next week, Wednesday. This puts me in fear as I don't understand why they can upload one but not the other? Anyway. I am a 31 y/o female. Overweight (but lost 20lbs in may!) and smoke a pack of cigs a day. I have had on and off (every day nearly) heart palpitations and high heart rate which is what lead me to see the cardiologist and have these tests done. Any help on the report reading would be appreciated: Any help is appreciated to understand what each thing means. Like what are paced beats? Thanks
Ive had this happen maybe 10 times in the last 2 years.  nsvt, just a bad idea....
Hi everyone - I am a 65 yr old female with an appointment for an echo next week.  I am so nervous and anxious that I'm having sleepless nights over this.  When I had a physical at age 33 my dr told me I had a heart murmur and sent me for an echo - nothing found.  At age 40 and 5 months pregnant my dr listened to my heart during physical again and sent me for another echo due to loud sound and echo was normal.  Now at latest physical he is sending me again for a third echo.  I am so stressed out and anxious about this it is affecting me big time.  I have no symptoms of any kind (palpitations, chest pain, fluttering etc).  Is it possible to just have this &quot;innocent&quot; murmur ones whole life without it being something else?  The older I get the more anxious I am becoming.  Anyone go for these echos with long time murmurs and they find nothing significant?  Thanks for listening.
Hey y'all.  Do I have any fellow exercise junkies out there?Anyone have experience taking these with a heart condition?  i'm going to ask my cardiologist of course, but was interested in patient experience as well. Thanks!
My cardiologist has decided to send me for a Stress Echo, after a recent ER visit i had for a heaviness in my chest.Id like some stress echo stories if anyone would like to share.
Hello Folks,Jay combo
Hi - have had heart murmur for 35+ yrs.  Had 1st echo 35 yrs ago (negative), 2nd echo 30 yrs ago (negative). Just had 3rd one this morning.  I have health anxiety big time and have been off my Effexor for 2 months now for different reasons.  My anxiety was so high going in for this that the sonography woman said &quot;wow, your hearts beating at 100&quot;.  I could not relax myself for anything and apologized if I was making her job a little harder to do.  Anyway, I was hearing all kinds of machine beeps and heart swooshing noises which made me worse.  Felt like she lingered at several different areas for awhile.  After she was done I thought she would say something like &quot;everything looks good&quot; or something positive but she was very stoic and just said &quot;one of our cardiologists will look at these and get in tough with your primary.  I walked out feeling terrible and anxiety ridden.  Are the technicians always like this?  I'm very worried and scared
Hello,Thanks for listening, Bob
I was awaiting my stress echo and got a Very sudden quick lasting squeeze in my chest. Maybe lasted 2 seconds.But id rather come here and ask if anyone has had this and if my stomach problem can cause it rather than googling it and ending up in the ER with a massive panic attack.
I had my stress echo yesterday, my results are online now.
Hi, could someone please make sense of these results?  Thx!Thx!!
I have pretty bad POTS and cannot go without compression stockings. Can anyone recommend a brand that offers ones suitable for exercise? I've tried &quot;compression&quot; sports leggings and working out with just compression socks, but these aren't as helpful as my usual stockings I wear daily--which are terribly uncomfortable to wear when exercising in hot weather!
Hi, I am having systemic symptoms. Has been going on for aboutAny ideas are welcome and appreciated
I was diagnosed with mild LVH in May. My doctor wanted me to see a cardiologist, just for my piece of mind. The cardiologist didn't seem concerned whatsoever, just kept saying I'm young and healthy! I have severe anxiety which causes me to have high BP. He said get anxiety under control, and my BP will correct itself. I've been fine the last few weeks, with no worries and trying to take care of myself. My mom just got diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer, which has made my anxiety sky high, obviously. I keep having heart palpitations which I'm sure is from my anxiety. But of course I'm on the edge because I think this LVH will kill me. Anybody?!?!
My daughter has been having symptoms that have been getting worse. For over 2 years she was thought to be having asthma, which she may have. These started as having a cough in the evenings. Than went to having trouble running, and than walking fast. But, never with wheezing.Not sure if there were other symptoms.What types of conditions could cause these types of problems or fast/slow heart beats.
Not sure if this is the right forum for this, but it seemed to be the closest match. This Friday I go in for my CT for my aneurysm. Last check put it at 7cm, which I am told is the threshold for intervention. This is a very scary proposition, even more so that the prostate cancer diagnosis, and treatment. I have resigned myself to the fact that it will have to be done, and am wondering what others experiences have been after surgery. I was told that because of my age..50, that the Thanks
Hey everyone,Just joinded the forums seeking for some wisdom and experience from others.
Hello! I'm posting this to see if anyone else had ever had this problem, and what I can do to prevent this.
I have been having pain in my left chest.  It feels like someone is jabbing me with their finger.  It is almost always there.  And sometimes more intense.  I had blood work, EKG and x-ray done.  All came back normal.  I had a heart flutter early today while sitting. It lasted about What should I do?  What tests should I ask for?
Hello all, 
Hello everybody, i happen to feel like i'm about
Hello looking for some advice.Thanks in advance
Hi, I am 44 and extremely fit. I workout  up to 2 hours a day 6 days a week. Since buying a fitbit for Christmas, I was concerned about what I can and cannot do regarding exercise. I will go mad if I am told to stop but am a single parent to two young girls and feel like I am risking my life in order to fulfil what can only be described as my addiction to exercise. Please help!!!!
Does anyone know if a Troponin level of &lt;0.012 is normal Thank you
Hi all need some help on a health matter that quite frankly has me at the end of my rope.Was put on Bystolic for 3 months for HBP and was OK for a month but then started to have horrible side effects.Was a totaol insomniac,had horrible nausea,was anxious and panicky and got majorly depressed.I did have a minor bout of depression 15 years ago but since then I was fine and dandy.So I sttopped the Bystolic and now an having such panic and depression I almost cant function.Dr of course denies this is due to the Bystolic but my research says otherwise.It seems all Beta Blockers have some major side effects and these are some of them.Anyone else have any bad experiences with Betas and now have to fight depression and horrible panic?Will it resolve on its own since I do not want to take any more darn pills?Any help please!!!!   
I'm fairly newly diagnosed so am still learning about POTS. Can anyone recommend ways of getting sufficient daily sodium? Are electrolyte tablets a good source? There's no way I can consume 2-4 mg of daily daily in my diet, so I need to find a viable alternate means. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
My husband's ekg results were abnormal.
So I'm 34yrs old and had my cardio ablation on April 3rd 2017 after a lengthy bout of uncontrollable SVT for 13 years and it was great for a while, and had the usual fluttering and some skipped beats here and there but nothing compared to the insanity that was my life before surgery, A.I constant pounding of my chest and heart even while not experiencing SVT and being able to take my pulse by just watching the seconds on a clock no need to put my finger on my corotid artery. 
Hi everyone,
Hi everyone! I'm new here but thought maybe y'all could help me out. I will give you a little background. I feel great on this medicine and I don't want to change but what if I start sleep walking or do something crazy haha! I don't even remember some of the things she tells me because I'm sleeping so hard. Which I haven't done since I was a teen!  Will it wear off eventually? I haven't even been on it a month yet.
I am looking at my first ohs soon to replace my aortic valve and fix a 5cm root aneurysm. During the work up last week I had my angiogram which came out very well. At 46 my cardiologist said I had the arteries of a 25 year old, which was very surprising as my family history is filled with coronary artery disease. I had an EF of 65%, good pressure, everything looked great.Any survivors of silent heart attacks out there? What steps did you take to avoid further heart issues?
Hi all Thank you in advance for any replies.
Hi there,Many thanks
I am 43 years old, recently had echocardiogram and stress test, which were normal, but told I have a S4 heart sound which is not normal for my age.  I have occasional pressure in my chest, chest pain, and palpitations.  Blood pressure previously normal but borderline readings recently.
Im am terrified out of my mind. I'm convinced that its my heart. I get tightness in my chest like someone is sitting on me with slight pain for no apparent reason. Wasn't even anxious. Yes I have had test. Last test I did was in March. Stress test and Echocardiogram than in june an ECG because of pain and tightness and all normal!!! What else could be causing this????? I took a tecta today to see if it will help and so far nothing.Dom sense in my thick skull.
74 year CHF patient with BP 100/60 feels week. Am well titrated on Coreg 12.5 mg (midday), 5.25 mg (PM) and 2.5mg diuretic apart from other meds. Reducing the midday Coreg dose to 6.25mg to help raise BP with the hope it will not disbalanace my body equilibrium. Please comment
Major drug study 
I have had an abnormal ekg for years but lately i have been getting out of breath with pain in both arms when playing golf.
Thank you!
Back in Mid-May, I began having bothersome pains in my right arm and right chest area.  I put it off, until May 18th, when I awoke with a numb right third finger and mild pain on the right side of my chest.I am lost now.  Because I still feel off and I now have conflicting diagnosis'.  Where do I go from here?
I have a friend who has asked me to see what I could find out about                                          Best Wishes, oslooskar
Post approved by Founder & CEO Peter Waite:Thanks in advance for your participation!
For the past 2 months I have been battling these symptoms of what seems to be tachycardia. I can be sitting,  standing,  walking and my heart rate shoots through the roof at random. Its gone as high as 154.I've had many ER visits and sadly they don't do a thing but I am usually alone and scared when this happens and don't know what else to do. It does usually return to normal but it can be hours.  Its like my resting heart beat is non existent in this time. It'll be say,  73, 87, 101, 65, 95, shoot up to 130... Then goes down and bottoms out. So I had gallbladder trouble recently and had a stone in the duct and my dr was almost certain it was causing my erratic heart rate. So I had it out Tuesday and this is still going on. Blood pressure spikes too.  My bp was just 153 over 103 and I'm not so sure that was the problem anymore. So she had me reschedule my appointment and now I got to wait till September 13th to get in. Thats not real long... But long enough for me. It astonished   everyone that my blood pressure and rate can go normal for awhile then boom,  spikes and changes drastically. I'm scared that i have a serious problem and everyone's taking it lightly. Some of my ER visits did ekg and caught AFIB and some visits catch it completely normal. My dr still thinks its the gallbladder removal that the duct has to recover and go back to normal but I'm worried its a heart problem. Although I've never had a problem all my life with heart disease. This is sudden. Not sure if things can happen suddenly or not. But anyways I'm a 28 year old female. I was generally healthy and could go on a treadmill for 5 miles before this came about. I do have a family history but everyone was in their 40s and 50s. Sometimes it feels like blood pooling in my legs and my hands and feet all of a sudden feel like pin needles and my blood pressure and rate shoots through the roof. My blood pressure has been 200 over 197 at one crazy time. 170 over 144. Things like that. Then later goes back to normal. I am at a loss and don't know how much more I can take. Doctors shove me to the waiting room now because they don't think its serious. But its serious to me. Because I want answers. This morning upon waking my heart rate was 110. Ive noticed since my surgery my resting heart rate has increased. Went from being in the 60s to like 99.
So a year ago I had an Echo Test , EKG and 24 hr Monitor because I was having PVC BUT ONLY having maybe one or two a week or only one or two a day if I was having a panic attack. I learned to control my anxiety and had cut them down to about 1 or 2 a month . Then last week out of the blue I started having 25-35 a day that I could feel , a couple of the days I have only counted 10 but for the most part there have been many . I went back to the Heart Doc who did an EKG ( at the time of the EKG I had no PVC so I don't know if they would show up or not ) he told me I would be find and my heart was healthy and sent me on my way. They still have not stopped and I am wondering if I should get a second opinion. I don't understand why all of a sudden I would start having this many in a day and I feel like my heart doc just chalked it up to anxiety because of that first apt I had with him a year ago. They are starting to really scare me . I am 34 , I exercise , I am not having any caffeine or alcohol . I am scared now to even exercise . Anyone with a similar story of them just starting out of the blue ?
Hello folks,
If anyone has been following my story, you know that I was diagnosed with mild left ventricular hypertrophy. I've been to my cardiologist twice and both times he's told me I'm healthy, and I have no restrictions what's so ever. The last few days I've been having chest pain on the left side bascailly right below my armpit and it lines up with my breast, not to mention I'm having palpitations. Those are my only symptoms. I'm so scared that the LVH has gotten worse, or I'm about to have a heart attack. I could use some kind words
My mom, aged 78, underwent angioplasty/stent for MI around 5 years back.   However, after the heart attack she was perfectly fine, and active, other than getting frequent lung congestion.    Thanks.
My husband has been having ongoing heart symptoms since June 5th. On June 5th we ended up in the hospital with heart attack symptoms. They did the standard tests, everything looked O.K. his symptoms subsided and they sent him home saying to take a couple weeks off work. He did not work for 2 weeks, having chest pressure and shortness of breath off and on.
I am a 61 year old male, had quad by-pass at the age of 50. On June 27, 2017 I felt chest pain across the top from shoulder to shoulder, with tingling down the left arm. I had a stent put in that day in the right rear artery. The left rear artery was too small to stent, and remains blocked. Last week I failed a nuclear stress test. Next week the cardiologist is going back in, says I may have another blocked artery.2 questions: it's only been 3 months since the first stent. Is it possible for another artery to block that soon? and doesn't the stress test with the dye and x-rays show a blockage?
I just wanted to post this because it caused me years of misery I wonder how many people experienced this
Hey my name is Jacy I’m 20 I Smoked weed for a certain amount of years and I felt normal until one day I got heart palpitations I got so nervous my heart felt like it was exploding. I had my aunt take me to the hospital and they did an ecg on me they said everything was fine so I went home and I would still feel them sometimes . 5-10 mins ago I just felt this electric feeling on my left side of my chest should I be worried
Wife is 72, had a heart catheter done back in May, has three small blockages, none over 40 % so they are treating with medicine, off and on she has erratic BP, some times its normal, sometimes will run up to 190/124, then maybe an hour later back to normal, went to ER couple days ago, EKG, xray and blood tests were all normal, sent home saying they were not sure what was causing this erratic BP, wonder if anyone here has run into this type of problem, she does take BP meds, and a nitro when needed, has pressure feeling in chest at times, no signs like a heart attack.....thanks all
Hi there!My mom is 70 and she had an Amplatzer device placed in her heart two weeks ago to close an ASD. She is recovering but is feeling very tired, and had a couple of small episodes of tachycardia yesterday. When she is at rest, sitting or in bed, she is okay, but today she walked on the street not even a block and felt very tired. We came back and everything is apparently fine again. Can someone share his or her experience with the implant? She has an appointment with the doctor soon, but I might have to ask him to see her before. Please share your experience!
aboutI am 29 btw no high cholesterol active never smoked good weight/body fat.
I had a x 3 coronary bypass graft in late January 2015, and when the Surgeon was doing my surgery, he noticed that my aortic valve was also leaking, so he replaced the valve with a bio prosthetic 21mm St Jude Prosthesis valve. During my recovery, I was sent a letter in error which was meant just for my Dr, informing the Dr that my bio prosthetic valve was a patient prosthesis mismatch. Ever since my surgery, I've endured ongoing facial flushing, high blood pressure episodes which leads to headaches and shivering. My Cardiologist has given me several blood pressure monitor tests and also sent me for a MRI scan, to check if I had an Adrenal tumour, which came back negative. These high blood pressure episodes come out of nowhere. I seem to going back and forth to my GP who doesn't understand the complexities of heart conditions. I also have Discoid Lupus.
Morning,Thanks
Recent exercise stress test 10/5. They said I had a few little things, but nothing major. I prob would not need Cardiologist. Now, I get a call from Primary Dr office saying that it was Non- Diagnostic & I had S T Changes horiz to upsloping. & isolated PVC's. Should I be worried ? This started because I fainted 9/30/17 after getting up from a deep sleep & drinking a glass of wine 1 hour prior. They said it was syncope episode. My EKG was abnormal in ER, but nothing acute & cardiac enzymes negative. Advice please- I'm scared.
good to see more peeps posting and asking questions. gives me a lift. hoping some of ya can hang in there with us and be regular members. there is a wealth of peer knowledge out there, and the more posters the more experience and knowledge info and care is obtained. a few members, myself and susie have been trying to keep it ticking. thx from the ht.
I am a 21 y/o female, and I've been diagnosed with POTS for about 7 months, although I've been dealing with it for much longer. I am going in to be tested for MALS soon with a vascular ultrasound, but I am concerned that my heart rate is too high in general. When I am sitting or laying down, it's usually between 110 and 135, when I stand up it goes to between 130 and 160, and with any light exercise (walking, walking up a hill) it goes to 160 easily (recently it's been getting to 195ish). Do other POTS people have similar heart rates? It's disconcerting to check my siblings and see them at 60-80 while I'm at 140.
I had my 1st episode of afib 10 years ago whilst riding my horse, it felt like id been hit in the chest with a hammer and I naturally thought I was having a heart attack.was taken to resus and given drugs to put me back in sinus rhythm. then nothing for 4 years. gradually episodes of atrial flutter and afib occurred more frequently. I then had an ablation which didn't work, followed by another which worked a bit but gradually I began to have more frequent episodes until prior to my recent cryoballoon procedure, paf was occurring daily. lack of sleep(it wakes you up) depression, anxiety and generally lack of motivation and interest in life ( I think due to betablockers - which don't work and the condition itself) after the cryo procedure I felt tired but in sinus rhythm and some of the best nights sleep I had in years, I had one episode of af which resolved in a few hours and now after 5 weeks post op I am fine, I walk my dog daily, cycle 3 times a week and do a set 5 miles and if my knees were ok (that's another story)! I would hope to play tennis again, riding is not allowed as I'm on warfarin and I'm getting too old to ride racehorses anyway(I'm 62)I lead an active outdoor life - gardening and tending to my breeding stock(horses) I have no high cholesterol or other heart conditions and hope I can look forward to many years paf free. I hope this is encouraging to anyone who is considering treatment - get it done!
So I have had a cardiologist since I was 22. I do have severe anxiety, and had an EP study in my mid 20's and a Holter monitor to rule out bad ayrithmias. All normal results. I get a yearly check up with the doc and an EKG. Always fine. I do have high blood pressure but it's controlled with nadolol and amlodipine. From about this last year, after the EKG. He didn't seem concerned but didn't have a good answer. I cut the nadolol from 40 MG to 20mg. Can it be the BP meds doing this to me? I'm afraid of a stress test because of embarrassment of what will happen or how ill look or what may happen during. Does anyone have any input? Thanks i appreciate it.
I am a 65 year old male. Although I am lean I notice circulation problems in my legs and arms. So I started to take serrapeptase but that did not result in an improvement. Two weeks ago I started taking calcium EDTA and I start to feel some improvement in my legs. The leg pain is getting less pronounced. Thank you for your views.
I feel some weight in the position of heart, when breathing in-out and while lifting my hands. There is no pain or anything, just the feeling of weight. What might be the reason? Do I need to consult a doctor? Please help!
Hello.What is my next course of action? Is what I have entirely harmless or should I be worried?
Hi. My husband was rushed to the hospital at the end of August with a pulse rate of 38bpm. On the 1st Sept, he had a two lead pacemaker fitted to regulate his pulse (currently set at 60bpm by the pacemaker).
Since Oct.4 I have been having constant chest pain. After the first week I went to the ER and had a blood test, BP check, ECG and chest CT - all of which did not show anything abnormal. I followed up with a cardiologist consultation, who said it has anyone else experienced something like this? what did it end up being?
Hi, for background, I'm 21, not overweight or anything like that. heart disease? :/
Hello, I posted on the Anxiety forum aboutI am 24 years old and male. My blood pressure is not that bad.
Hi, guys? I know that I preferably should get to a doctor soon, but I would prefer to wait until I can pay for myself. I finished my studies this year, so this should be sometime next year.
I had aortic dissection surgery in January of this year.  I was told to sit in the back of a vehicle and protect my chest by placing my heart/coughing pillow under the seat belt over my heart.  I know it could take a year for the sternum to heal. I’m terrified of sitting in the front seats and the air bag injuring my chest.How long will you sit in the back of a vehicle covering your chest with the pillow?
Hey all. So I was diagnosed with mild left ventricular hypertrophy back in June. I've been doing okay since. But lately, my anxiety has gotten the worst of me. My skipped beats are more often, in terrified to work out because I'm afraid I'm going to fall over dead from a heart attack. I'm only 29. Do any of you guys have this? I'm so scared
Hi, just wondering if anyone has had heart arrthymia and a heart murmur? I’ve had heart arrthymia for 10 years with no problems (it was just once every so often) but the past year it became more frequent (ie several times a day). I’ve been to GP about it and whilst there she heard a murmur. Im wondering are they connected or two totally separate issues going on 🤔 Good news is I’m getting and ECG so I’m sure I’ll find out soon. Just can’t find answers online relating the two heart problems together. Thanks in advance for any replies. 👍🏻
For over a year now I’ve been suffering from dizzy/lightheadedness but never actually faint. I’ve seen a cardiologist who performed; stress echo, severs ekgs, holter monitor and all came back clear. I’ve had a Brain mri and again all clear.I’m really scared and frustrated
Hello I appreciate any insight or advice from others who have similar experiences….I am feeling very down right now and am not sure where to go from here. Wishing health to all &lt;3 Thank you for reading my lengthy post.
Doctor put me on this med called Isosorb mono er 60 mg and i took my first pill tonight and it has gave me a massive headache . I took it around noon today and just had a mild one at first but i took a nap and boy did i wake up to a massive one . Also my back on both sides at the bottom hurts . Can anyone tell me how long this pill will take to get out of my system . Remind you i have only took 1 and tomorrow i will be calling the doctor to get it changed or stopped cause i cant deal with this type of side effect . It hurts typing this .  
I am a 65 year old female and I suffered a Takotsubo event 7/27/17.  Before I talk about midnight and saw C’s light on I really thought I could handle it without waking my husband.  He was exhausted and sound asleep.  When I asked C what was up, the attitude and the sound in his voice gave me chills.  When I asked why he couldn’t do the right things he said “I’m trying”. and I said “you’re not trying hard enough” and stormed out the door!  The pain in my chest was instantaneous!!!  I thought maybe it was my ulcers, but it kept getting worse.  I finally woke my husband.  He gave me some low dose aspirin and waited a few more minutes, but then I started vomiting and we went to the ER. The ambulance took me to the hospital and it was a few hours later they diagnosed the Takotsubo.  I was in ICU for 4 days.  The really amazing part of my story is no.1 I am completely healed after 3 months on warfarin.  I only had to see the cardiologist 2 times and he said I am no longer in need of his services.  But, the best thing that has come from it is that C’s mother finally was able to see that C is a very troubled young man and she is co-operating in getting him into some intensive counseling.  Hopefully he will be able to get well and I can honestly say that I am happy this happened to me for his sake and thankful it wasn’t any worse!
I am looking for info regarding lymes induced hearth failureThanks
After enjoying good blood pressure my whole life, I'm finding now in my 50's that it's taken a step change for the worse. I am reading very mixed reviews on the internet on when to treat. What are some thoughts here? I hate to start on meds early, if they aren't truly needed.
Dear All,Have a lovely day.
I was just looking at the calendar, and, alas, Saturday will be my 13 year anniversary of my Pericardectomy.~ eric
Hello,The thought of never being able to exercise again is completely depressing---would appreciate any information anyone might have. Thanks so much.
From 4 months ,i am suffering from continuous left chest pain right at heart  .Sometime it feels difficult to breathe. Before 1 months, pain behind sternum started along with that existing chest pain. Done echo ,ecg, CBC but all came normal .sometimes a lot of burping/belching occurs.Chest pain feels like burning or wound.
Hi again everyone, Thought I'd post here one last time to try and get some ideas, or realise that it's time to give up on trying to find the cause of my symptoms. Any ideas or advise would be much appreciated
Hello, a week ago and I can barely sleep or eat.  Went to surgeon after one week, he has me on 80 mg of statins and blood thinners and aspirin.  I also put myself on Dr Esseltyn's diet for heart disease.  Previously I was healthy, with good cholesterol levels.  Do not drink and have not had anxiety issues before.  My primary care  dr has given me Xanax which is the only thing that helps - I do meditation and other relaxation techniques but this is more like a chemical/physical feeling.  I do see my cardio PA next week and hopefully I can  make it, because some days I feel like going to the ER. Anyone having this issue?  I had hoped after the stents I would feel so much better!  Thanks
Can these two work togetheri  After my cardiologist put me on blood thinners i started bleeding. Colonoscopy a couple of day ago says I've colitisHas anyone been through a heart procedure with colitis  it seems a bit scary to me.  i havent been back to the cardio dr yet
My LAD is 100% clogged.  my cardio dr says my LAD must have closed slowly which allowed my body to develop clloateral vessels that have prevented my heart from being damaged. He has recommended a Stent, Now I developed colitis after being on blood thinners, why life so hard
Hello 3 or 4 weeks.  I found the mistake yesterday and began to cut down today by 1/4 (75mg/day).  I feel dizzy and lightheaded.  Can I reduce more quickly back to my prescribed dose (50mg a day) or should I go slowly?  Thanks.
I started taking a small dose of propranolol about 4 months ago, for chronic migraines and to lower my blood psi. I exercise religiously. I have noticed I get short of breath easier now. I don’t want to quit the propranolol because it is helping reduce the headaches, but I don’t like being out of breath. Any suggestions?
I had chest pain and sweating and gone to doctor who did ecg on me which suggested i had mi. I am 19 year old male with no risk factors except anxiety and stress. I was in constant stress at that time. I also did troponin 1 test which was negative so what are odds that it can be false positive. After that test doctor did echo test which was normal and told me it was early repolarization.
My RHR sitting down is 60 bpmSince it increased by 20?
Hi, Im a Cardiomyopathy patient and after turning my left knee during a walk, I’ve been having some black spots around my left leg. The black spots/bruises started 5 day later and it seems to get worse as the day goes by. Please help me understand this situation because the back of my left leg is also burning. Thank you.
Today I have been given the results of a 24h holter. My cardiologist attributes everything to anxiety (Positive point for me, it means or so I understand, that what he has found in the holter is not dangerous). Although he wants to give me medication, an anti-arrhythmic .....
All,Thank you in advance for any advice you may give!
Hello, all,Harry
Hi!  I am new to the site.  I have a sort of odd situation for me.  My PCP sent me to a cardiologist based upon chest pain, shortness of breath, extreme fatigue upon exertion. Until Dec. 12 I had been someone who ran 5 miles daily, very good shape. Most sincerely!
As a 49-year old male, 5' 11&quot; tall, 179 pounds., I have had high blood pressure, cholesterol and LDL for many years now.
Your CVD might be caused by gut bacteria and diet. Usually hang out in the colitis forum but this
This is detailed but I just want to try and figure out what might have happened to my wife this morning before she left for work.Thanks
Hello everyoneNow I can't help but think the doctors have missed something and that something is not okay with my heart and/or chest. Can anyone help me, my anxiety is eating me up.
If you need more NO,sun is just not for vitamin D.
Soooo..........I grabbed a copy of the reports from my latest EKG and Holter.  I was told they were normal except for a low rate (50s resting, down into 30s asleep; but typical for me).  Looking at them myself, I have some concerns.  
Hi,Do you suggest its worth while I should discuss this with a Doctor ? As I said the key thing is i dont feel any sensations of heart-rate fluctuations .. but my fitness tracker is all over the place with my resting heart rate & I am not sure if increased activity levels or intermittent fasting has anything to do with it.
Just started zyban almost 2 weeks, already borderline hypertension. always been healthy as a horse. is this just because I haven't quit smoking yet and it will return to normal when I do, or have I opened Pandora's Box? will see doctor Monday I'm just impatient.
i am not a doctor but i read a lot and i have 7 stintsAnthony
Hello 
Hey guys, new here. So my story is that I'm 24 years old with PVCs. Both grandfathers had heart disease and lived into their 80s, no family history of sudden cardiac arrest.  I've had them ever since I can remember but only at rest and very few a day. Now I get them a lot when I'm exerting myself and after such as going up steps or walking fast. I've heard that people with exercised induced PVCs and recovery PVCs are at greater risk of cardiac arrest. This terrifies me. I'm currently 40 lbs overweight and don't exercise like how I use to. I'm afraid to exercise because every time I do I get awful PVCs during and after. I've been to the cardiologist and they did an exercise test, which showed pvcs and had an echo which was normal. He basically told me I could take a beta blocker and said I was fine. I recently got married and really want to have a baby but I'm so terrified that my PVCs will get even worse if I get pregnant. I'm currently talking magnesium 500 mg a day and propanelol when my PVCs are bad, I don't take it eveeydya. One thin I've noticed is that my PVCs are so bad around my period. My question is, am I increased risk of dying at a young age because I get exercise induced PVCs and recovery PVCs? I'm so depressed and feel like I won't live a long life. I'm always crying thinking I'm going to die. The cardiologist seemed like he didn't care because to him I just look like a young healthy woman with a normal echo. Can my increase in PVCs be due to gaining weight and being out of shape?Thanks, Alisha
They found my PFO when I was in ICU back in November for pulmonary embolisms, they told me that I wouldn’t need my PFO closed unless I started having problems, (pulmonary embolisms were from IBD) when I went to the doctor in January he told me that some people get it closed to treat migraines? I never had an issue with migraines but am now having one almost every day. Also if it is closed does that mean I will no longer get pulmonary emboli? I go off blood thinners in aboutDiagnosed at 7, in the gray area between crohns and UC. Surgery on Jan 27, 2018 #nocolonstillrollin
Hi all, Thanks for any info or help.
Hello newbie here. My husband has persistent afib and heart ejection fraction of only 20%.  He has had 2 cardioversions and an ablation. The dr said he will be in afib the rest of his life. He said his heart is weak and dilated. He will have to get a defibrillator.  If he is able to keep his heart rate under control how long can he live like this? He says he feels good.
I have episodes while laying in bed which  feels like vibrating all over my body from head to feet..  I do have PAC's. The vibration stops if I cough and clear my throat a few times.  I think it may be A FIB.  I have had the holter monitor a few times, but this never happens while wearing it.  I'm going to start keeping a record of times and dates for the Dr.  Going to the ER is useless because the episodes last only 10 to 20 minutes. Has anyone else had these symptoms of vibrating from head to foot?  Nothing is actually moving, it is an internal  sensation.
I would very much like to know if someone has been able to manage/lower their HS CReactive Protein scores. I recently found out that I have a high Lip A score and CReactive Protein which means I have inflammation in the heart valves and the rest of my body. the CReactive Protein score is getting higher. I have arthritis in my hands, back and feet and controlled irritable bowel syndrome. I have seen an endocrinologist at Mayo, and my tests were negative for Hashimoto disease - my sisters have this - and have taken other tests to check out other illnesses. Medications: Metroprolol Tartrate for mitral valve prolapse and fast heart rate. Dulcolax for IBS constip. Statins - Resuvastatin Calcium 20 mg to reduce cholesterol as low as possible. Aspirin low dose once a day. I take high potency Vitamins, CoQ10, Fish Oil, Turmeric, VitaPulse, Gundry Reds, Lysine. I stopped taking anti inflammatories due to heart damage concerns. The Turmeric does not seem to help.
I have been having chest pains on the left side of my chest. It comes and goes. I had a Echo, and stress test which came back normal. The pain however starts off dull and then becomes sharp. Shortness of breath and fatigue soon follow. Co-workers, friends, and family have told me that I start looking pale and not feeling well. The VA told me it is probably Acid Reflux which I do not suffer from. Any one else having these problems? I am trying to work, but once I get to that certain point I just run out of energy and my chest hurts. Don't know where to turn. Thanks for any advice.
As a Child I was active Running, Biking and Playing, As I grew older I started having tiredness and shortness of breath At the age of 18 I had almost no symptoms of heart related issues while Pregnant, I Ended up marrying a Man who was abusive because again I was Pregnant this time I swelled up Like a Balloon both legs and feet And it looked like I was carrying twins I was seeing a Obgyn who I showed my Feet and he said oh its normal Just keep your feet up I did but the swelling wouldn't go down, I told this doctor many times something wasn't right  and got the same answer your worrying to much just keep your feet up you will be fine, I ended up waking up one morning Feeling as if I was drowning I couldn't breath, I had to fight with my abusive husband to get me to the hospital where I was Admitted with almost no Oxygen intake The did ultra sounds on the baby and my heart and saw what looked to be as they described it a black mass... They Looked panicked they air lifted me to Baltimore MD John Hopkins and they studied me I ended up have my Daughter 2 months early She was tiny Despite my size. They Studied me but saw no Clues to why My heart did this Finally I was released with only a vage diagnosis of Cardiomyopathy. I was fine for a few years.. then at the age of 26 I was pregnant again and put in a High risk Obgyn where I preceded to get Swollen Feet like last time The Obgyn said this is normal just put your feet up, But this time it was just one Leg I went along with it for a while Untill my leg was swollen so bad I couldnt walk with out a walker and my leg felt and looked like rubber, I showed the nurse this and again the doctor said are you keeping your feet up? I said Yes I cant even walk im Stuck in a arm char most of the day I cant even get into bed, I was also Gestational Diabetic with this pregnancy, I finally couldn't take the pain any more and went to Whinnies Palmer Hospital in Orlando FL the doctor took one look at my leg and jumped into action He said he had to check something I begged him not to push on the leg it hurt and he did anyways it put me in agonizing pain they ended up giving me morphine they found out I had a DVT they said this is normal with some pregnancy I had my son and they put me on Blood thinning Belly Shots for over a year, The most recent thing is Last year Nov 13 2017 I had a Stroke I lost Strength in my right hand mostly I felt like i had beer goggles on I could barely walk and my speech was slurred tho it was mostly all over My Bf was the one that figured out something was wrong he was talking to me we had just gone to bed and I remembered what we forgot at the store I mentioned it to him sugar he said something I answered back that I needed water but that isnt what he heard but thats what I heard me say in my head he asked me what did you say? I Repeated it sounded right to me but he said I was talking Jibberish this went on for over a half Hour I wasnt sure what was going on, The next day i was admitted to the ER the doctors laughed at me because I went on my FB and asked friends and family what they thought happend Well My Bfs Sister was a RN in training she urged me to go to the hospital that was a stroke so I did. The doctors all thought I was Nuts Because I came in looking fine yet said I think I had a stroke they looked at my age and Assumed nothing was gunna be there.... then they took the Cat scan and MRIs and confirmed I do in fact have a spot on my brain were the clot hit they did further test revealing I have a PFO that caused the clot that hit my brain Now the doctors have confirmed that they can close thus said hole with Non evasive My issue is No doctor that ive tried accepts my Insurance to get this taken care Of. My heart rate is rarely below 100 these days and am Stuck wearing a watch that vibrates when it gets to high then I have to try and calm it and this is while sitting, Do you know of anyone In Orlando Florida that takes Care Plus who will do this surgery Please I need this done I dont wanna Leave my Kids behind Help! I do have Pictures of the 2nd and the 3rd pregnancy  if needed.Past Events: Heart Failure, Gull Bladder removal No pain when Doctor Pressed on stomach, DVT/Clotting And Stroke I also have Scoliosis Had IBS with constipation After Gull Removal Now with IBS Diarrhea, was a Gestational Diabetic, Tiredness, Anemic Was on a Iron Drip at one point, Diagnosed with Diverticulitis - inflammation,  Zero Energy Most days, and a Heart Beat that at resting sits at 85-115 getting as high as 135 at some points.
Since my full story is very long, I am going to break it down to save you some time. You may ask questions if you need more details to make educated guesses or suggestions.Thank you for listening.
https://ibb.co/bG3x2n94 F, normal height and slightly overweight weight, white, CHF & Diabetes, non ambulatory. On NC oxygen and albuterol treatment
I went to the doctors yesterday,  my blood pressure was perfect, but my pulse was a little high, so they decided to give me an EKG.  The doctor came back with the results and explained that I may have a possible enlarged heart valve.  He said he found it hard to believe since I’m 30 years old in good shape, but he wanted to set an appointment with the cardiologist for further tests.  I would be lying if I said I’m not scared and worried.  Is there anybody on this form that can relate to my situation or shed some light, pls :/
This is my story, and so far these events have pulled the rug right out from under my feet. Their was a couple times when I noticed heart palpitations or a fluttering flip-flop feeling in my chest but I thought nothing of it. Then one day I had a chest cold and decided to go to the doctors. Well at the doctors he evaluated me and noticed that I had a higher heart rate than normal so the doctor decided to take an EKG test on me.  It came back abnormal with possible right atrial enlargement . That devastated me. A couple days later I was at my grandparents and thought I was having a heart attack although it was a panic attack.  The EMTs gave me two EKG test and they all came back abnormal; Possible right atrial enlargement and  possible right ventricular hypertrophy.  Since then I’ve been in a state of depression, and state of shock, and I can barely go on with every day life.  My cardiologist appointment is tomorrow and the pending doom is even more debilitating.  Is there anybody that can relate with me at all? I am only 30 years old, and I am in good shape. My blood pressure is good and my heart rate is good
Hi everyone,Nikorah
Hi,Nikorah
I have recently been diagnosed with POTS after failing a tilt table test and being seen by multiple physiscans. What keeps bothering me about my heart rate that I feel it’s causing me anxiety. My blood pressure also fluctuates from being either slightly high, relatively normal, or even on the lower side. Is all of this things that I will have to learn to manage with this syndrome? Thanks so much for reading my post and hopefully you can provide me with a more detailed understanding of something that is so complex. Has anyone else had Bradycardia not while lying down and suffer from POTS?  Is this all normal? I’m so confused and frustrated at this point.
Hi All,For the past 9 months I have been experiencing severe pressure in my chest area. I’ve been hospitalized 5 times which finally resulted in a cardiac catherization procedure. The results were that I had no blockages and overall my heart looked great. The question still remains if my heart isn’t the issue, then what is causing that type off pressure that mimics a heart attack?  The pressure occurs only at rest/sitting around; never during activities or exercise. It can last anywhere from 15 minutes to 6 or 7 hours.  I just participated in a 75 mile bike ride which I successfully completed with no problems. I’m just looking for some answers. Thanks
Waiting to see cardiologist next week but in the meantime got my echocardiogram results by mail that I had Sunday. What exactly does this mean? Or what caused it? I had one done a few years ago for chest pain and everything was normal. I went to dr originally a few weeks ago because of crushing middle chest pressure, shortness of breath,dizziness  and insane fatigue. Also have a history of very high bp.
Im not a newbie but its been a while and ive always felt comfort in turning to HW when something is up.All come back fine.
Ive been getting PVCs after exercise occasionally over the last week or so.Does anyone else have recovery PVCs?
My 16 year old brother has been diagnosed with PVC's aboutThank you, and I am asking these questions here because the doctors at kaiser were not fully able to answer them.
Ive inly had a PAC caught once on an EKG in the hospital and i didn't feel it.Thanks
I have done 10 ECG’s, 2 Times 2D Echo, 1 time TMT test and all blood work in last year even I have done CT Coronary angiography last year.
Hello all,Thank you so much for reading this. I really appreciate your time!
Hi,Thanks heaps.
I have a strong family history of heart disease, and discovered aboutSo, what to do ?  Any thoughts or suggestions are appreciated.  Thanks !
Hi there, 
For aboutThanks!
Has anyone tried using any Essential Oils for their heart failure/AFIB?  I've read some good things aboutDiagnosed with MS 2001.  Fibromyalgia, Graves Disease, IBS, Gastritis, Spondylosis, Degenerative Disc Disease, Sjogrens, Osteoarthritis, Osteoporosis, Tendonitis, Costochondritis.  All the autoimmune diseases are attacking me.  Taking the minimum of medications.
I'm 38 year old male. Had ultrasounds of my heart 10 years ago and 2 years ago. My complain was increased heartbeat and sometimes pain in the left side of the chest. But the test showed totally healthy heart.
Hi to allPlease suggest what we can do now?
HELLO! This last year has been a whirlwind. I was first diagnosed with Lyme Disease in May and then a Chriari Malformation in November. I had brain surgery to repair the malformation in December and prior to surgery was diagnosed with PoTS. We somewhat put it on the back burner to see if the surgery would help all my symptoms. Recently though my heart starting going crazy from 31 to 180's with no activity, so I am now under the care of a cardiologist who said to prepare myself for this to be difficult to live with. I just started treatment and am on a medication to stabilize my blood pressure and a beta blocker to lower my heart rate i guess. On my Holter monitor I had some supraventricular ectopic beats, sinus arrythmia and sinus tachycardia as well. If you have PoTS, what has helped you to live a better life? I am exhausted and have pretty much EVERY symtpom under the sun. Heat is awful, im tired, my body feels like crap, brain fog. The list of symptoms is honestly ridiculous.
Would you be interested in participating in a research study for A-Fib? 
Hello!  My mother is getting ready for a triple bypass, and we're trying to prepare so that we can make her as comfortable as possible afterward.  Can any of you offer any insights into what would have been helpful during your recovery?  For instance, we've talked about renting an adjustable bed for her so she can be more comfortable when she returns home.  And we weren't sure if she might have trouble bathing and how people have navigated that.  Is there anything you can recommend based on your experiences?  Any help would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks so much!
My father has LVEF 15-20% along with pulmonary hypertension. Also,his creatinine is 2.2. Is there any way to improve his condition and life expectancy?Age:62 years Male
I have had a  history of PVC's since I was 8 years old. Back then (1968) I was hyperactive and to calm me they gave me amphetamines (They had the opposite effect on kids and calmed me during the day) but at night I couldn't sleep and had PVC's.  After developing an anxiety disorder in my early 20's because of them...I have grown to recognize them.....and deal with them and even learn to reduce them...Then I had a drinking binge in 2017......and it really upset my stomach and I may have an ulcer (or ulcers)  Now...when my stomach is upset, or full....if I bend down too fast, or lay on my right side too fast or even if I'm in the car and hit a bump..........I get a THUMPING  below my sternum that feels like a PVC but is DIFFERENT........It feels like it's EVERY OTHER BEAT.....and it's regular.  The ODD thing is ..when I feel my carotid pulse while it's happening my heart FEELS like it's in a regular rhythm, FASTER, but regular.  These episodes only last 30 seconds or so in most cases...............but I AM TERRIFIED.  I've gone to the ER and seen my GP and described them (they didn't occur while being monitored)....and the both say to IGNORE it......but since it's so different than what I've experienced for 50 years..........my panic and terror are off the scale.  I have a nurse friend who suggested my stomach in those cases is irritating my VAGUS nerve and causing it........But then I ask..Why isn't my carotid pulse irregular........ I am seeing a cardiologist in several weeks (My insurance takes time to approve a consult and I want to go NOW but have to wait)   DOES THIS SOUND FAMILIAR TO ANYONE?  I can't find these symptoms ANYWHERE!!   I feel totally alone, ignored (by Doctors) and TERRIFIED!!    Thank you for reading!
Hello,
Can anyone tell me if they have knowledge about
I have got the medical report suggesting that I should undergo angiogram. but the Treadmill test is negative. Medical reports are available on following link. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated, open?id=17C8ActRwFbqzTlHwi40DME2mRXkq7Ri6
Been awhile since I posted here--Rob...(&quot;Wotan&quot;  a crazy nickname....from college )--
Hello, Thank you!
Are usually post on the anxiety for him but I have a question that needs answering because I am having horrible side effects from this drug I was put on for my high blood pressure.  I have been having a huge spike in my anxiety, definite sleep problems where I wake up every two or three hours during the night, increased hunger  and  weird dreams. I hesitate to call my doctor because I think she will feel I'm just exhibiting my health anxiety  but after experiencing these things I've looked up side effects of it and all of them are there. Has anyone experienced these and do you think I should contact my doctor or just suck it up I am hopeful I will become a custom to the drug. I've been on it for over a week and I hate the thought of taking it again today. Any advice you can give me will certainly be appreciated.
Post open heart surgery my sternum did not fuse, the wires snapped also.&nbsp; Then I returned for another rewiring procedure and it failed also.&nbsp; They used a more durable and strong wire and yet they still broke.&nbsp; As a result my sternum did not fuse or heal together.&nbsp; Has anyone ever had this problem.&nbsp; Please respond.&nbsp; 


I had the same problem. Sternum was unstable and separated. Had 2 surgeries to remove pins and then had 5 plates put in about
Hi Everyone,
Robert, I have gotten the sensations you speak of, BUT they are not irregular beats. (embarrasingly.. it's gas...lol). They do take my breath away for a second. 


Thanks, legallyblnd f

Hopes, you are an inspiration when you write.  I too have missed out on tons of fun because I thought Iwas going to die!  Thank you for your insight.MaryAnn
I have the same thing!  I have confirmed pvcs and can go all day without one single palpitation, lay on my stomach in bed and get a runs of them that jolts me awake. I have to turn to my side or back or they will continue to come. I have worn a 24 hour holter and had a run of nsvt in my sleep. I'm not sure if that's what is happening when I lay on my stomach r what. I am seeing my cardiologist again soon for a follow up and am going to discuss this problem with him.
Hi,


I had acid reflux about 6 months ago. I took nexium for 3 months and it got better. I had not side effects to the nexium. The symptoms came back about 3 months after I stopped the nexium. My dr. tried to put me back on nexium and it made my stomach upset so he switched me to aciphex. Does anybody know anything about aciphex? I have been taking for 3 days and feel very bloated but am not having stomach pains. Will this go away? Do I have to give it a little time?&nbsp; I am 25 yrs old and wonder if I am going to have to live w/acid relfux or if it something that can be related to a stages in your life.

Annie, thanks for replying.&nbsp; I have had the scope and everything is normal.&nbsp; I am having a problem eating because of nerves I guess.&nbsp; Dont want to get the feeling I had before of something stuck in my throat or feeling a lump in my throat which is normal with this condition.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have to conquer my mind and get going.&nbsp; Thanks for your concern

was given lexapro for anti depressin playing havoc with me&nbsp; makes me lose sleep and listless cant take it any more.&nbsp; Taking asiphix and it doesnt bother me.&nbsp; Dont know how longI will be on it.&nbsp; But eating a little better now.&nbsp; Small bites and chewing well.&nbsp; Not eating like I was but trying to get there.&nbsp; These meds make me nuts.&nbsp; They are terrible and screw up the system.&nbsp; Dr. doesnt know that I havent been taking lexapro regularly and i have decided not to take it any more.&nbsp; Dont like the effects from it and dr. said it would take about 4 to 6 weeks to build up in system.&nbsp; Thats a bunch of crock.&nbsp; Any other suggestions please e mail&nbsp; Thanks.&nbsp; Lois   
I was having severe chest pains at night, and sometimes even during the day. It was a dull, aching pain, not a burning, and wasn't in the center of my chest, but off to the left side. I make stents for a living so am familiar with common signs of heart-related chest pains (pain decreases/increases w/ breathing, its sharp rather than dull, etc..), and knew it had nothing to do with my heart. My doc diagnosed me with gerd, and gave me aciphex.  The aciphex worked a little.... it reduced pain from 5 days a week to 1, but still the only cure seemed to basically eat nothing.  I called the doc back, to see if there was anything else we could try.  He scheduled me for a GI scope to see exactly what was going on. To summarize....if you're having chronic &quot;heartburn&quot; just have a simple bloodtest to check for the bacteria.  10 days of penicillin is a much better cure than taking aciphex the rest of your life.
Hi all,   Have any of you had these pressure problems or the heartbeat-in-the-ear problem with your GERD?  Thanks.

Chat rooms are open to anyone, anytime.&nbsp; If you want to start a regular scheduled chat on your own, you can do it with just a few easy steps:
Reminder:  If you are using a pop-up blocker and wish to chat, you must first disable popup blocking or allow popups for this site, since the link launches a pop up window to access the chat rooms.
Heartburn that is? Can you have those sharp, stabbing pains (that are bad and then not as bad to bad again) for hours? Could it be possible to have pain, esp. when you breathe in, for 4 to 5 hours?
  &nbsp;Hello,

Countrygal,Are you on any typ of steroids?I know that when I'm on good ole preddy it makes me want to eat constanly it like when I would eat and ten minutes later I feel as tho I have never at any think.What other kinds of meds are taking?Mela.................
Hi eveyone,


I was on a very heavy dosage of Nexium&nbsp; - 160 mg daily - for a couple of years, and on lesser amounts for another year and I experienced no side effects.&nbsp; I recently underwent surgery for prostate removal due to cancer and am back on Nexium for a while, 80 mg daily, and there have been no side effects this time, either. 


Does anyone have any new information in regard to Nexium and numbness?  I just recently started taking Nexium and now have a considerable amount of numbness/tingling in my arms & legs.  I have seen a neurosurgeon and major illnesses have been ruled out; they did identify a bulging disc.  It was my massage therapist who suggested I check the side effects of any medication (this is the only one) that I am on.  Thanks for any insight/help!
I had been on nexium for 4 years and then switched to protonix 3 months prior to my fundoplication 3 weeks ago. Am now off of everything and no more acid reflux. I too had many issues with numbness, weakness, dizziness, muscle cramps, hoarseness, sore throat while on the ppi's, also developed arthritis during that time. Since being off all ppi's, my symptoms are almost gone. Arthritis isn't as bad and most of the problems have improved. From reading on the internet, ppi's can cause these problems, but they also help the acid reflux. basically stay away from anything that causes the reflux, especially alcohol, tomatoes sauces, red meat and peppermint and the side effects of the ppi's seem to be less as well.
I've heard of all this natural drugs such as Lean-N-clean and Molo-cure has anyone tried it and if so is it worth tryin?
Hello,
Make an appointment with your doctor hon. It could be a number of things, like fishers, hemoroids that got irratated, some weird disease, some reacion to all the stress your body has, etc&nbsp;

I had stomach flu in November. It made my GERD worse, i don't remember how long it took to get back the way it was before. When I get stomach cramps it is because of what food I have eaten.
Hello,
The only thing that helped my Gerd was when I took an antibiotic with some sort of antacid.  You can also just take tums, but make sure you take an antibiotic.  It cleared it right up.
Hey all!! This is my first time here so any help with answers to my questions will be appreciated!! about the last year. I have problems swallowing at times especially liquids and my own salava. It's as if my throat is constricted at times and liquids dont always go all the way down and I end up getting strangled. Also I can feel and hear a bubbling sound deep in my throat at times. I can halfway burp at times and at times I can't. My stomach growls a lot even when I'm not hungry. Do all these things sound strange for so many years after surgery and to have&nbsp;worsened within the last year or is anyone else experiencing these problems many years after the surgery? Also I've had a couple of stomach viruses since the surgery and food poisoning and apparently I can no longer vomit=dry heaves...not fun when u have food poisoning or a stomach virus...

I had the surgery a little over 10 years ago and considered it a complete success.&nbsp; Heartburn gone, I could enjoy other foods, no more emergency room trips due to stuck food, and best of all no more scopes or having my esophugus dialated.&nbsp; about every 6 weeks to have my esophugus stretched.
I called today about seeing my old GI doc so when i get in to see him i'll let u guys know what i learn, I work with a cardiology group and i think i'm gonna ask the docs t;omorrow if the Nissen can cause heart problem. I'll let u guys know the answers tomorrow night. Good night my new friends!!! :)
Hello guys,Bea
Hi Bea,Denise
Ikandy and Baroni have not posted since January, Alcie.Joy
I had Nissen done 5 years ago and for the past year I have been experiencing extreme pain at the sight.  There is also a large hard mass there.  Lately the pain has been radiating down my left side and up into my left shoulder.  Has anyone else experienced this?  What can be done about this?
While some have had bad experiences with their surgery, I think it is unfair to make such blanket statements as  &quot;this is a horrible surgery&quot; based solely on your experience, as it may scare off someone who would get benefit from the procedure.For you, the surgery was horrible, but for most, it is a success (looking at statistics and studies conducted on this procedure - just do a search on Nissen Fundoplication success rates).
My wife and I had the worst stomach virus for 2 days this week and finally started feeling a bit better today. I hardly ate anything for 3 days however. Now today, I finally can eat some food, but i have the worst burning pain in my throat and I burp constantly. I get some random pains in my stomach now and then (remnant of the virus??) and a very sore back (again possibly from laying so much). My wife has most of the same symptoms also still. Was wondering if anyone has had this virus and if what I am feeling are the effects of it still? i have never had reflux this bad before although I have had mild cases. A friend has me thinking maybe my gall bladder has finally gone. BTW, I had mild D and only threw up once with the stomach virus. Now my stools are fine.


Thanks much for the explanation.
My 7 week old daughter has this now. We are in Louisiana. How long did it last for you all? I feel so helpless...she cant tell me what she needs.
HI everyone...my name is Ellie and Im from PA....I was dignosed with Gerd last year after I had difficluty swallowing,,I was admitted to the hospital and had my GI done and found out I had esophagitis from the acid reflux....I was put on protonix 40mgs and reglan 40mgs....now a year later the protonix dosent seem to be working ...and Ive had heartburn for the past week all day and night...Is there another medicine that might work better for me?.....
I had a endoscopy and a bravo test (48 acid reflux test) two weeks ago. The unit was painful with every swallow, I could feel it. It got less painful everyday until I figured it must have dropped off. After the first two days I started to hear a noise in my throat and a tight lump feeling everytime I swallowed. I went back to the gastro clinci the test, they say they have never hear of this happening before. Has anyone else experienced problems with an Endoscopy? I had another one a few months ago for gerd and that went very well. I am concerned about  
I am not getting any good answers just confusion. The more I try to investigate my illness the more contridiction I am getting. Yesterday I went to the University of Minnesota and saw a gastro specialist. He is now telling me my symptoms don't fit acid reflux at all. My doctors and the Minnesota Gastro doctors say I have acid reflux. What is going on with our medical care??? Are they just out to give you tests and medicine????  

I can't help you to much,I allso have Gerd and I do get hart burn,I take nexium and it works wounderful for me.If you don't mind me asking who told you that you have gerd?Has you Doctor presribed any thing for you to take.I know I'm not much help.It's noce to meet you.I have Gers,RA,OAand crohns.Mela...........................................
Hi my  name is Donna I have acud reflux and I take nexium . BUt i need to know does anyone know anything you can eat that will calm down a flare up. I ate some cinnamon yesterday and hurt all night. What are your diets like ? Does anyone get to eat plz reply!!!!!!!

 up (reflux). But the symptoms of LPR are often different than those typical of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD).
Just curious.&nbsp; Are there many of you who have GERD and Crohn's?&nbsp; Thanks.

I have both.  I'm not sure if you get one from the other or what but they both make you feel bad.
I am not a burper, but 3 weeks ago I started with a lot of gas pain in my stomach and I was belching like every 3 mins. and it releived the bloating and uncomfortable feeling.&nbsp; for 3 weeks it wouldn't go away.&nbsp; So I tried to eat very bland food for a couple of weeks and it seemed to help, although I've lost some weight just eating toast and rice.&nbsp; Seems it's worse when my tummy is empty.&nbsp; Sometimes if I eat a good meal I will burp and seems food comes up the pipe with it.&nbsp; Does this sound like acid reflux symptoms?&nbsp; I have a very nervous system and can claim IBS too.&nbsp; Been like this all my life.&nbsp; My son constantly has stomach aches and was an acid reflux infant and still has terrible gas in his stomach which is relieved from burping.&nbsp; We both rely on Gas-x at times.&nbsp; Anyone share our symptoms?
There are a number of possibilitiesNature has answers for all, but our job is to find the diamonds among coal. 
Hi Margg,I have had the burping problem on and off for a couple of years.  I have been diagnosed with a hiatal hernia and take PPIs to control heartburn.  One thing I recently found helps me tremendously is if I do not drink any liquids while I eat.  I don't know why, but the difference is like night and day.  I have found that eating smaller portions helps control food coming back up into my pipe after a meal.


Hi I am newly diagnosed with GERD, I can't stand the palpitations in the morning when I wake up, the doc recently changed me from Nexium to Zoton .. I found Nexium to be the better med, so I am going to ask him to put me back on that.



Thanks Beth ((((((((())))))))))
Hi. My name is Sari. I am new to this board. I am also suffering form gerd symptoms. I get the heartburn ,and burning in the throat/chest after I eat. I eat a very bland diet, and I still get the symptoms. I have had all the tests,EGD, 24hour ph, and esophageal motility. These all came back pretty much ok. They only saw some imflammation in the esophagus. I even take aciphex everyday, but still have symptoms. This all started about a year ago after I had taken some antibiotics. I just dont understand why I have such bad symptoms. I have tried everything. I even went on a trial of antidepressants thinking it was stress, but this did not help my symptoms.Has anyone esle had these similar symptoms?Any advice/suggestions would be greatly appreciated.                                  Sari
Maybe this might help. I have GERD as some of you do. Also I am a heart patient as of 9/04. I had stents put in and my diet had to change. Now, thats what I wanted to share because my GERD is almost gone. I still eat hot foods at times, tomato sauce etc. But what I don't eat is any deep fried foods (or very little) and I watch my intake of "bad fats". I also switched to olive oil for most things including salad dressing (nothing but olive oil and vinegar). Now, I do buy the very good Italian olive oil, there is a difference in quality and taste, no matter what you might have heard. With a name like Vinny (No it's not German,lol) I would know. I'm not sure which of these changes helped or all of them, but I only take my medication on occasion now. Hope this might help.  &nbsp;&nbsp;
Yes, Gina, some recipes for us folks with GERD would be real nice. I saw the post by Vinny that she does not eat deep fried foods and neither do I. I also use only Olive oil for everything and for the past 3 weeks have only been&nbsp;drinking spring water as the chlorine in tap water may not help the throat. So far not much has helped a lot. Hope you find some tips here to help you. There are some great folk here who are willing to share their ideas to help each other. Carol 


Yes, I did have the fluttery heart problem until I had my Hiatius Hernia fixed.&nbsp; You may need to see a specialist for a EGD Test.

Hi Tic Toc,
Long story short... I have been, and still am dealing with some acid reflux related issues.  Medications do the job of eliminating the acid...if I skip a Nexium I can instantly tell there's acid and as long as I take it I don't get the burning sensation in my throat.
Hi Barnacle,Denise
Hi.
Hi Barnacle, thanks
Hi Beatrix,Please tell me all your symtoms
Wow.!I looked at some of your posts and it appears that many of you are really suffering.I was diagnosed with GERD also but frankly it never really bothered me much.I never complained about stomach&nbsp;pains or problems.

hi&nbsp; can you help me maybe...... ok i have had this burning tounge and it looks like it is&nbsp; really sore at times and my eyes burn and&nbsp; at times my throat feels burning too. can i have GERD????&nbsp; would be a blessing&nbsp; because this burning tounge thing&nbsp; no doctor knows what it is... and im going nuts.... 
thanks i will try  the thing you said...
Hi...

Welcome!Joy
None of the ppi's last 24 hours.&nbsp; Nexium lasts the longest, but still not all night if you take it in the morning.&nbsp; It makes a big difference HOW you take it too.&nbsp; The capsules we take now say delayed release.&nbsp; So taking it a half hour to an hour before eating in the morning may not get enough into your system first thing.&nbsp; It doesn't for me.
I'm on 40mg 2X a day and 300 zantac. It doesn't touch my cough.Joy
JC -
Skunker, I use bed risers on the head of my bed. They raise it aboutJoy
What ways to people use for raising the head of the bed as recommended by Mayo?&nbsp; What products or methods are effective?&nbsp; Thanks!
You need to keep your entire esophagus(the tube from mouth to stomach) inclined up so that any Acid which escapes out of Stomach via LES valve goes back to stomach because of gravity. But much better is an hour long stroll after dinner, but keep tummy warm with thick cloaths and not exposed to cool air outside (Stomach needs a bit of warmth to chew on the food).
hi, i'm from malaysia, i read most of all ya discussion here, but i wish any1 can help me with this, just for the pass few weeks, my stomach full of gas and hardly digest, even tho i like pizza, but no matter how many pieces u giv me i just can eat a bit ( example), then i go to see this specialist doc, he do a scope and ultrasound on me, seems like all is ok, he take a sample of my cell and it turn out to b ok too. he giv me this drug call Motilium for a week, after consume it , i felt much better and i can at last go back to my normal eating habit , but i scare i got gerd so i avoid eating certain food as u guys mentioned. i found out that my urine is yellowish , is this due to the drug? and sometimes i can feel like something stuck on my throat, but if i dun remember it , after an hour or so i will dissapear, am i starting to b crazy? i went to see the doc again cos i got mucus on my throat , he giv me some antibiotic and tell me i am ok dun worry, the more u worry the more sick u will b, i heard from somebody saying that if we always remember something it will become real, and some sickness is create by our mind, is this correct? i dunno y after i do the scope i feel much better. i've try Nexium b4 i go to see this specialist doc. it doesn't work on me. sometimes i can feel my heart beat a bit faster and my left hand cramp when at nite i was asleep, is this due to the drug (motilium)? and when i walk too fast i can feel itchy pain in the middle of my stomach . is this due to the gas that in my stomach and now since i more better my stomach is trying to back to normal? my hand is cold, the doc know it he oso say is ok u worry too much. what should i do now? he say u r ok u can eat anythign u like but avoid spicy food, that's all , who should i refer to? FYI : i've see anything doc b4 he oso say my stomach full of gas, but where did the gas coming from? 
Motilium helps only for motility. Have you had your stool checked for amebiasis? If you have loose tools but not diarrhea may be that is the case. Anyway You should go back to your doctor and check more throughly before starting to treat.
hello there, on my throat that annoying me.  i need help
hello there,                   any idea of my urine is in yellowish? is it i drink too few water? it has been few weeks. and sometimes i feel my body abit heated up. i got enough problem pls dun tell me that a new 1.

A month ago I stumbled on a book on vegetables. In one of the chapters I read about sour kraut ( fermented cabbage ) and its beneficial effects on intestines. I ate one 1liter jar of it per day before meals for 10 days. I don't want to say that this therapy made away with my problems completely but one thing is sure: I don't have burning throat and bloating, belching and burning in my stomach subsided considerably. Make your sour kraut yourself from organic cabbages in the following way: 1. chop your cabbages 2. put the mass you obtain in a large enameled container in a few layers adding some salt to each layer and pressing until the chunks of cabbage give out juice (you should use 1/10 kg of salt for a 12 liter container). 3. Put some wooden plate and weight on top so the stuff stays compressed. 4. Cover with some mesh made of cotton and leave to ferment for about 2 weeks in a worm ( 10-18 degrees Celsius) place where the stink of gases won't bother you. After 2 weeks your sour kraut is ready. Take off the mould that often occurs on the surface. Don't get rid of the juice. Drink it with your sour kraut. This recipe worked for me. There is another one on http://www.happyherbalist.com/sour_kaut.htm. If you live in Chicago go to a Polish deli and ask them about sour kraut made with traditional methods. They should have it in barrels with a lot of juice. I don't know what is the value of sour kraut available in food chainstores ( I did't go for it because of additives used in mass produced food) After drinking the juice or eating a lot of sour kraut don't go away from home as it is almost sure you'll get short lasting diarrhea (start the teraphy on the weekend). Try this therapy. You've got nothing to loose.  Give up foods containing sugar especially chocolate, fatty foods, coffee, cola.Good luck.
neds ,          i admit i drink not more than 8 glass of water per day cos i am working adult i not suitlable to going around looking for toilet. my doc oso advice me to drink more water. so i think its not others problem rite ned since i dun sence any problem on my body part.
hi there ,i wanted to cure this but i dunno where should i start now .  go to ENT or any specialist doc or counselling. i'm got budget problem now that why. can afford too many visit . here cos ringgit malaysia 100 ove per session.
hello there,i oso always wake up in the middle of the nite and sleep not more than 5 hours. any idea?my hand and feet is cool , i often focusing on my stomach after i eat i will look into the mirror and complaint that i got tummy and i will touch it often to see wether it is my tummy or others, i will think all negative things like i got ascite or liver problem . i'm a thin person and i can see my stomach area abit curse shape my mum said cos i am thin so i can c my stomach.  i dunno whats going on with me now. when i sleep my mind is talking , it is i think too much? or i really had depression? can my mind playing trick with me now? that i create all this symptoms and worry too much about minor things, i get complaint on everything i do.  my tonque got this weird taste than i dunno how to describe. i cannot concentrade on doing things. even going for doc i will look for one then another then another i cannot stay put to one now . i dislike going to clinic or hospital last time but now i just enjoy looking for them ..is it all depression or anxiety or stress related? And i dunno where the gas coming from last time in my stomach . whats all ur advice , chinese new year is coming i dun have any mood now oso ,i just feel bored about it. what happen to me now pls help !!
hello there ,                    so u dun think i got any serious problem or sickness? i'm just out of my mind that is? but y i can lost weight? if our mind is worry too much can this b the cause even tho i eat oso?
Hi 



Hello,Thank you!
welcome bella,Joy
Hello everyone, hope you're all feeling well. Can anyone shed any light on why this happens?
Don't know if anyone has experienced this with their GERD but Just thought I would share this with you, as I was convinced I had severe heart disease only to find out after much testing that I have a month ago it returned with a vengeance ESPECIALLY after eating.&nbsp; Being older now I was really afraid this was the real thing and I had slipped into actually heart disease (I'm a smoker).&nbsp; But I still noticed that it was the worst after eating.&nbsp; When I awoke in the morning the arrythmia was barefly noticeable and after taking my blood pressure med (Toprol) it would improve even more.&nbsp; After doing some reading on the subject of arrythmia I started on a regimen of Potassium, CoQ10, Magnesium and Folic Acid (which seemed to help a little) but I was still worried what was really going on.&nbsp; After much testing, I was diagnosed with Roemheld Syndrome....."characterized by presure in the epigastric and left hypochondriac region it is believed this leads to elevation of the diaphragm, and secondary displacement of the heart causing stimulation of the vagus nerve and a variety of cardiac symptoms, e.g. arrhythmia, sinus bradycardia.&nbsp; This is complemented by gastro-coronary reflexes whereby the coronary arteries constrict with cardiovascular symptoms similar to chest-pain on the left side and&nbsp;sometimes in&nbsp;the left shoulder, dyspnea, sweating, upt o angina pectoris-like attacks and tachycardia even though there are no changes related in the EKG detected.&nbsp; I am being treated now with an anticholinergic to treat the vagus nerve, an alpha blocker, simethicone, beano and Nexium and the Toprol.&nbsp; It seems to be helping already but too early to really know for sure.&nbsp; Just wanted to share in case anyone out there has similar symptoms.
Andres, wondering how you are doing with the treatment indicated. Also, most Alopathic doctors in US don't recognize Roemhelds and far majority of alternatives, barring some in Germany, haven't heard of it - nor of the symptom profile. Do you have any resources and doctors to recommend. Thanks.
Dry mouth is one of the side effects with Nexium.&nbsp; Mine is severe and I think it is causing dry nasal passages and&nbsp;dry eye as well.&nbsp; Has anyone else experienced this?
&nbsp;

Hi Toni, thanks so much for your reply.
I'm so glad to hear you will be feeling better soon! Please let us know how your surgery goes!    
Hi I am a visitor from the Crohn's section.&nbsp; I have recently been suffering from horrible stomach pains, and my fellow Crohnie's beleive it may be due to acid reflux.&nbsp; I don't know much about acid reflux considering I haven't had heartburn but maybe 10 times in my life, and only suffered from indigestion once I think. 
Hi there, 

I'm experiencing the exact same symptoms to a T.  It started with fast heart rate (112) sharp chest pains even sharp pains in my left shoulder. Now it seems its gone into my stomach and it feels just like you said a very tight fist almost pushing out. There is no way I could be pregnant, I've never suffered from menstrual cramps. The only thing that has changed recently is that I started taking 200 mg of Serequel about a week ago.  This is rather painful.--thanks
hi. my daughter recieved a trampoline a couple of years ago and has complained of getting heartburn while on it. she says it is fine while she is in the air but once her feet hit the mat she gets a sharp pain that feels like heartburn. i am not sure if it is heartburn or what ... so could someone please help me?
Hi everyone. The first time I posted on my hubby's account and now I"m here on my own. I guess I'm having sympathy pains :p
I was curious aboutJoy
&nbsp;hi everyone 
should I go to a different room?thanks Mary
Toni thank you and my brother has a C-T scan today.I'm praying it isn't life threating.I'll let you know.



Hi Toni,Thanks for listening Mary
  &nbsp;&nbsp; Just wondering if anyone else has experienced worse GERD symptoms AFTER exercising?&nbsp; I'm *trying* to get a bit more in shape and noticed I feel much worse after a work-out.&nbsp; Is it just me?
Thanks for your reply!  :)  I'll keep everything you mentioned in mind!
&nbsp;Hello to all- I am having some of the worst pain I have ever had in my life from Acid Reflux!! I was in the hospital two weeks ago with it and the pain has only given me two days relief!! The pain comes every 20 minutes to and hour and was every hour last night so I got no sleep at all!!! I am affraid to eat or drink anything! I can't go to the Doctor til next week.Is there anything I can do to stop the heart attack feeling til then??? Any advice would be greatly appreciated.Thank You!!!
Just remembered, you may also want to try chewing some gum (although not cinnamon, as it would probably enhance your discomfort).  Supposedly, it creates more saliva which helps wash acid down into your stomach.
&nbsp;

Thanks Toni,I will be drinking some green tea in just a few minutes!! I slept in my husbands reclyner last night and it did help.I finally got some sleep.He brought me home some Prilosec last night so we are just praying it kicks in soon!!! Things were so bad last night that I had to vomit!!! Never done that before,and boy did it ever burn my chest!! What was that all about???  Hope you are doing well and thanks again!!!&nbsp;

Hi Toni,&nbsp;
I'm so sorry, I hope you never have to go through that again!  I will def. look up that RX, as I'm sure I still have it somewhere!  
Toni-Thanks for getting that info for me.I was born in Youngstown,Ohio.My family left when I was 10 for Arizona.I have been in Texas for almost five years now.Congrats on your upcoming marriage.&nbsp;


Hi Searchin'!&nbsp; Welcome to the GERD board!I recently joined HealingWell in Dec. and have found the most wonderful people here!
Hi Toni,Well,The hubby had me in the ER Friday night and they put me on previcid and Carefate to help any ulcers that may be there or may develope.At least I can eat now.I take the carefate 1 hour before I eat.I got to sleep in bed last night!!!!!!! YIPPIE with no problems!!!! So far so good!!! Hope you are feeling good today! &nbsp;


Searchin' -
Hey there Toni-Well,I spoke too soon!!! First thing this morning I had to vomit again!!! I am getting so sick of all this.I just keep taking my meds and praying they will work.They helped all weekend so maybe that crap this morning was just a fluke???&nbsp;
Searchin'&nbsp;

Hey Toni-I cant really think of anything that stressed me out,but who knows? Had to sleep in the reclyner last night.Had to vomit three times.I have reached a point now where all I want to do is cry cuz I think it is never going to go away.I was only awake for 30 minutes this morning and it hit so bad that all I could do is moan and cry.&nbsp;
I'm so sorry!!  Real quick I wanted to tell you you're in my thoughts ... also, maybe ask your Dr. about a medicine called Metoclopramide, it may help relieve your bile. (I can't remember if it was instant relief, or if it took a few days, though).
Carolyn - Have you ever had an endoscopy procedure?&nbsp; If so, what did they find?&nbsp; How&nbsp;is the OTC Prilosec working for you?


ME TOO, ME TOO! I was a born worrier; when I was little, I'd obssess about being late to school, I'd worry until we got there on time.&nbsp; Stupid little things.&nbsp; And it's still stupid little things.&nbsp; 
I had acid reflux disease for about 10 years, trying three different medications.  I had the barium swallow, the tube down the throat, thought I was having a heart attack it was so bad.  I had to sleep with the legs of my bed elevated and even that did not help.  In other words, I had severe acid reflux disease.  I am now medication free, I eat anything I want including Mexican, Chinese and fried foods without any discomfort and I will be glad to share with anyone what I did.  This is not a difficult solution.  My e-mail is sb4850@bellsouth.net.Sharon
&nbsp;hi everyone,
hi everyone,
Try going here.  Best of luck in finding the results you need!


JW - I definitely agree with Toni that you should seek help from a&nbsp; gastroenterologist.&nbsp; Best of luck to you.
Hi everyone,
Hi again!&nbsp; I should have read this post first, sorry!
Hi again, guess I should have read this post first too. We must be two and the same  hehehehe


Hi,
Hi DShaffer!Welcome to the GERD board!&nbsp; I'm sorry you're having heartburn problems!
thanks toni, I guess I just have to make an appointment then and see what's up. I know my diet and coffee aren't helping matters and I am trying to curb the intake, however, it is a little difficult since I quit smoking. I'm sorry to hear someone else is suffering,but ina weird way,glad I am not alone. You didn't mention what Gerd stands for, so I take it that's the full name? I really don't like trying new meds cause I react to an awful lot of meds and I can end up in much worse situation sometimes just because of them. But, I guess I'm turning over a new leaf and at least keeping seeking information for solutions and keeping an open mind about them all. Keep in touch.
Hi Listmates: I have been on this forum only a couple of days and already I have learned so much. The foods to avoid were eye opening to me as I didn't realize some of them would hurt. Knowing there are other folks going through the same thing helps, for sure, but it is great when others share their tips to avoid the pain. Onions and pepper are things I always eat and I didn't realize it would hurt. I don't fry things but I always put a boiled onion in the pot with my veggies, and I put pepper on all my meals. Now I shall try to change that to see if it helps the heartburn. Hadn't had coffee for months until yesterday when they were featuring some samples at the grocers with a new creamer. I thought a small 4 oz serving wouldn't hurt! Oh Lord!! The heartburn all day was surely the pitts!! That'll teach me :(Adjca
Another killing heartburn day! Had a cookie after church last night. It wasn't GF so I know I shouldn't have but 'the devil made me do it' ) Anyway, is fresh pineapple a food I should avoid? I had a couple of pieces this morning and then later an orange which doesn't usually bother me. I think this is going to be trial and error. I am also using a herbal tea 'Honest tea-black forest berry'.  I was drinking just plain water for months but this last few days I've had this tea a couple of times. Guess I'll go back to water to see what happens.
Hi dee, Toni. Yes, I have also increased my water intake mostly because of the sore throat and it helps a little, I think. I don't know how much I'd have to drink to help my constipation but I suppose that's going to be with me for my next 60 years, for I have never found a successful remedy there. I should start a thread dealing with that! Tomorrow, I'm just having poached egg with a little Olive Oil for breakfast with water. That seemed to help with the heartburn for a few days so I'll try that again. I believe Olive Oil is great for us and it sure can't hurt.
adjca- What do you take for your osteoporosis?
Hi Searchin. I'm not taking anything at the moment for the Osteoporosis for I took Didrocal for years and it didn't help. I was still going downhill and the calcium that went with it only constipated me further. I had already had a hemorroidectomy so didn't need more problems with constipation. So then I went on Fosamax which was okay for about 6 months and then I started getting shooting pains in my bones. It was terrible like a jolt right through them  and would take me so suddenly. It didn't hurt my stomach like it did for other folks but the bone pain was not good. So I gave them up and within a week, the pain went away and has not returned. Presently, I walk to keep my bones as good as I can and I take a calcuim/magnesium supplement but that's about it. I've heard that the drugs don't nessesarily give you stronger bones so I'm taking a chance. I've not broken anything yet since I was diagnosed 10 years ago but did break my arm falling just 2 feet a year or 2 before that. My bones were bad then but I didn't know it and had all the risk factors for it - I had been a smoker for years, am a thin person, my mother had Osteoporosis and although I have never been diagnosed as Celiac, we have family members that are and my daughter also has it so we live Gluten free.Osteoporosis
 &nbsp;and I am medication free!

I was just upgraded from the 20mg dose of Zegerid to the 40mg. It has done wonders for me. I think you should try it out!!!!
I'm glad to hear it is helping you!! Unfortunately, I was on Zegerid and experienced negative side effects, so I had to discontinue.&nbsp; I was just wondering if anyone else had similar symptoms.&nbsp; Keep feeling better! :)Toni
I feel that my reflux/stomach/heartburn problems have worsened these past two days and I am on my cycle. Is this common? I feel like crap.
RoseisRose,Denise
Dear fellow sufferer's
Hi harperspaceuk!
hi , sorry this thread is so long
Yes, Kassie, I have much the same smptoms as you. Mine started about October last year with a lump in my throat. My husband had been extremely ill just before that and I attributed it to a nervous lump which did not go away even though I did not&nbsp;afterwards feel upset. I saw my regular dr who then sent me to the ENT who put the light down my nose and said my throat was inflamed and that it was the result of the stomach acid coming up and burning my throat. They're supposed to know so who was I to question but certainly the drugs they gave me did not help-as I've shared in earlier posts, just gave me extreme heartburn and more, whereas I'd only had occasional heartburn before. I take Gaviscon every day but I'm trying to wean of that now as I'm trying the spring water treatment shared by Northern Joe- I'm sure you'll find his posts on the main&nbsp;GERD page. It's worth reading and it could help you-heaven knows, not much else does. The pain in my back is starting to decrease and I'm hoping it's the spring water I've been using for about 4 days now so we'll see.&nbsp;I intend to give it a good try.&nbsp;Good luck to you, Carol
I am on spring water to and the pain in my shoulder blade has gone and the lump nearly gone and no acid&nbsp; strange but true
I know that GERD is different yet similar for everyone. I have not yet found any stories that are exactly like mine although some are similar. The awareness of my GERD began one night while lying on the couch almost three years ago when suddenly I swallowed and felt this intense pain on the left side of my throat near my voicebox. Swallowing and talking were agonizing and the pain radiated through my jaw and up to my temple. This lasted for about 45 minutes until a mild hiccup released it. The muscles around the area were sore for several days after.&nbsp;About two weeks after this occurred a general soreness&nbsp;began on the left side of my throat. I went to an ENT and he said I had a spasm and I had a lot of "cobblestone" irritation in my throat indicative of acid reflux. This was a surprise because I never had any of the classic heartburn symptoms. However, I had been having a lot of trouble keeping my voice clear (constantly clearing my throat) for two years prior. There was never any pain-just the annoyance. I had the tests-upper endoscopy, barrium swallow, PH probe. Barrium swallow showed nothing other than limited motility in my lower esophagus. The PH probe did indicate elevated acid levels and the endoscopies showed some mild esophagitis and poor LES function. So I am confident the diagnosis is correct. I even had my gall bladder removed.

Yes bnand, I agree with Searchin-Do your research on the Hill repair first and then you'll be in a better position to decide if its for you. I also have the burning throat and am trying the spring water suggested by Northern Joe. So far it is not helping a whole lot but I am still determined to stay with it as I'm hoping it will help the longer I stick with it. Good luck to you. Carol
I had taken everything for acid reflux disease which I had for about 10 years.  For about 4 1/2 years now, though, I have not had any symptoms at all.  I eat all of those things listed on the No-no list and nothing bothers me anymore.  If you would like to know the changes I did make, I will be happy to share them with you, but please just know that you do not have to suffer or forego any of the great foods like Mexican, Chinese, or anything else we all love to eat.  I am living proof of that.  My e-mail is sb4850@bellsouth.net and I am medication free!Sharon
I am a 34 yr old male who has a hard time making those lifestyle changes. I have been suffering for yrs and never can commit to taking my PPI daily. My doctor said that their was a new med that works for everyday use and whenever I need it! He said that the others dont work this way but that Zegerid was an immediate release ppi which works faster than whats has been out there. I have been on Zegerid 40 mg and you can actually feel the pain go away withen 10-20 minutes of this stuff. Plus you can take it anytime which was an issue for me as well. I take before I go to bed and I have been sleeping great! Try it out.
Thanks for the information, but when I followed up with my physician he stated the following:
I found the 40mg seems to work faster and better at night than the others.&nbsp; Mixing it with a little bit of water&nbsp;isn't that big of a deal, I was advised a pill will be available later this year.&nbsp; Taking it before bed time without having to eat is a HUGE benefit.&nbsp; Sleeping through the night is an even bigger benefit especially with the hectic the life I lead.&nbsp; Give it a try with a few free samples and Good luck.    
Here's a subject I've never seen addressed.&nbsp; I had my Nissen Fundoplication in 2008, and I continue to have the same problems I had prior to surgery.&nbsp; I don't believe my wrap was made tight enough.&nbsp; 
sunbird-
Hi everyone. I am SO glad that I found this discussion board. I need some questions answered, and if any of you can help, I would greatly appreciate it. I have had a hiatal hernia for about 8 years now &amp; I have taken Nexium every since the day that I was diagnosed (8 years ago). I finally got diagnosed after I was experiencing horrible acid reflux &amp; went through many tests, including scopes &amp; barium xrays. The Nexium worked for the first few years to control my acid reflux, but I have always experienced nausea &amp; constipation off and on, depending on what I eat, you know? I just figured this was something I had to deal with. I am a very healthy eater - no greasy foods. I eat 4-6 small meals daily. I go for a checkup with my gastroenterologist every year. I always discussed my symptoms &amp; he would basically tell me that I should try to live with the symptoms &amp; if they get worse, to let him know. I feel as though over the last couple years, my symptoms are getting MUCH worse. I experience upper back pain, upper abdominal pressure (it feels as though someone is standing on my upper abdomen), my acid reflux is worse even when I take my nexium daily and the worst symptom of all is my breathing. I cannot breath normally, and this is hard for someone who is very active like me (I perform in triathalons regularly). I feel like I have shallow breathing &amp; when I try to catch a solid, deep breath, I usually can't. I feel as though every couple minutes I try to breath deeply &amp; it gets cut off. I have to basically sit up really straight &amp; raise my shoulders up to breath in deep, and sometimes I get a satisfying breath, but usually not. I went for a checkup with my gasteroenterologist yesterday, for the first time in 2 years &amp; told him of all my symptoms. He told me that he would put me on a new medication, and if my symptoms do not improve, I could have hiatal hernia repair surgery. He gave me Dexilant. I took it this morning &amp; my symptoms feel even worse today. My question is this - could my hernia have grown larger over the years &amp; is causing new symptoms? Has anyone had breathing problems b/c of their hiatal hernia? And, did the surgery help with the breathing problems? I'm a little hesitant to have the surgery b/c of all of the horror stories I have heard, but then again, I want to give it a try b/c I am miserable! I can't breathe!

Awww thanks so much Kitt! I really appreciate it :)
  &nbsp;Hi, I have been diagnosed with GERD. I have been on Nexium for about 9mos. and did not realize how bad I was before taking it.&nbsp;It has been a wonder drug for me. I have felt "normal" for the first time in years. Unfortunitely my Dr. has advised me to stop taking it and try an over the couter H2 which&nbsp;I have been doing for the last 10days (Pepcid). I am now completely miserable, worse than I was before going into the Dr last year. I cannot find much information&nbsp;on the long term outlook for taking a PPI drug.&nbsp;I realize they have been out for only a short period of time but isn't there anyone that will stick thier neck out and speculate on the future of taking these medications.?
&nbsp;
Beezy - How long did your doctor say you could take the Pepcid?&nbsp; Indefinitely? I have taken it now for about four months and it helps if&nbsp;I don't overeat which I have a habit of doing. Thanks for your answer.
Hi, I've suffered from GERD all my life and also have questioned the safety of long term use of PPIs. I recently came across this web page that confirms what my doctor told me: that long term use should have no adverse effects. This doesn't mean that this is necessarily true, only that there is agreement out there.
If you have medican that works, try not to change.  The over the counter meds are not as good and have side effects.  See a Gastroligiest A.S.A.P.  It could be something that can be fixed or the specialist will deside if you need to stay on it.  Look up GERD  and follow all the diet and sleeping recommendations until you see a Doctor.  The elevated bed realy helps.
I am preparing for a pH test on June 1 and I stopped Nexium and all other reflux related meds. Since it never helped all that much, I did not have so muc problems stopping nexium cold turkey in terms of reflux. But I did develop diarrhea the same day and it's been going on for 3 days.Now, it's not severe and I am able to function but I was wondering if anybody had the same experience and how they resolved it.
Hi all I wanted to let you know how my Stretta is going in the hopes of giving you all new options: 8 weeks to see any results so I'll keep you posted. But so far, 2 weeks it sucks! However, the actual procedure--piece of cake no different than an EGD; besides the worse reflux I felt fine and flew home the next day no problem.
HI to all my GERD buddies, Wow, I wish that PPIs were a magic pill for me this really hurts. My neighbor has been on PPIs for 9 years now with no problems--I'm jealous!
Oh honey, we've probably all had those feelings. I really hope that this month goes well for you. My fingers are tightly crossed!! Ashley
I'm in the middle of my impedance test--a very long 24 hours--but it's not unbearable. I'll have the results next week. Keeping my fingers crossed that i'm doing good. Besides the sore throat and difficulty swallowing and sometimes painful swallowing and sometimes trouble breathing I feel pretty good. I guess that sounds weird but considering how bad it used to be, I feel very blessed right now. However, I don't want to live like this forever, so the results will let me know if I'm a good candidate for a future surgery--I&quot;m hoping I can hold off until the linx comes out, or that I'll just keep improving (one can always hope). Well, it's just as realistic to hope for a positive outcome as a negative outcome since the future hasn't happened yet. I'm really scarred of the nissen, but if that's my best option I guess I have to get pumped for it.
Hello all, I am so sorry that I have not posted for so long and left you all hanging. That was really rude of me.  But let me fill you in. I got the results from the impedance test, and my results were absolutely normal. I had no reflux at all! Which was really weird because I still had the pain. I guess, since the esophagus is a &quot;dumb&quot;organ, it became hyper sensitive after being bombarded by stomach acid. Well I had an EGD to see what it looks like, and it showed only minor irritation. The pain gradually went away and 2 1/2 years later I'm doing fine. I have had another EGD and my esophagus looks normal (no barrett looking cells anymore either). I am due again for a follow up EGD this summer, so Ill keep you posted (if I remember). My asthma is gone and only resurfaces if I have a reflux episode, so yes I still reflux, but only if I eat bad food. So the stretta will not save you from bad eating habits. With it being so gradual, I can't say if it was my diet or the stretta that cured me, or if it was both, but I do know that the stretta will NOT give you the power to eat chocolate if that's what any of you are hoping for. However, I have put a few people on my GERD diet, and it has helped them without needed the stretta. But I am glad I got the stretta. It was painless (except for the after math--but I think it was the rantinidine that may have caused that, because it gave me &quot;rebound reflux&quot;). So my humble opinion is really clean up your diet first and then try the stretta if you still need it.
When I had my endoscopy, Gerd flared so bad it became what it is today.  I felt like the Dr. Made a mistake in the procedure because I never had it before that.  I just went in for an exam on abdominal pain.  The Gerd took months to calm down.  Then it went through periods of good or mild lasting months.  Maybe the Stretta does the same thing as my endoscopy.  trying it now.  I used to love to sing.  Now I trouble talking.
Hello Everyone,
Hi to you too
Hello Karen,
  &nbsp;I suffer from the dreaded gerd but I am getting better just trying to adjust to a boring diet..... Take care
hi,,,
 
I also watch my diet very carefully, am on the spring water recommended by Northern Joe but I think everyone is different because I am still having lots of pain. Took Losec many years ago for an ulcer and that helped that but for this GERD they've given me Zantac, followed by Domperidome, followed by Nexium,folowed by Pariet. Along with this I also took liquid Gaviscon 4 times a day, sometimes more. Nothing helped and I am a very careful eater, don't eat at night, don't eat deep fried,&nbsp;no tea, coffee or soda, sleep with my bed elevated, etc. &nbsp;All the things I've heard to do.&nbsp;So, it must depend on your body or something else unknown at the momnent. Yes, Boolie, my feeling is also, Grrrr!! How long can this go on. 
thanks for replying.. its nice to know i aint alone.. however was wondering if anyone&nbsp; else gets the pains like i do where its on your right side on your back shoulder blade?? absolutely awful almost feels spasmatic and can go to the middle of the back?? i have em today so i have thought of what i ate ...the last few days i have had really bad heartburn and today i was wearing tighter fititing jeans which is a big no no i know.. the pain comes and goes.. anyone else get it??
I experience those pains also, I have noticed it was when I would eat fatty foods (which I have now cut out of my diet)&nbsp; I am now going through tests to see if the problem is my gall bladder.&nbsp; They did an utlra-sound and tomorrow will be doing a scan.&nbsp; But the pain is on my right shoulder and middle back and can be very painful.&nbsp; You are not alone. 
definitely not alone my partner was beginning to think I was a hypocodriac with the chest,throat, shoulder, I was even getting pain in my arm.&nbsp; 
 

 Denise

I lost 20 lbs, but it came back with a vengance for me.Joy
Hey Guys,PJess
Jen,kaye
Hi Breda and everyone else!Best to try and keep in shape for the symptoms I find.
Hi I have seen a surgeon and have to decide if I want the Nissan wrap or Linx surgery, my sister is adamant that I do not have the Nissan wrap because she lost 70 lbs. I am 5'2 and I weigh 97 lbs. neither my GI or surgeon has said anything about my weight and a nobody has shown any concern that I will lose any weight. Is it common to lose weight? Is it a guarantee that I will lose weight? Because this is something I will truly have to consider as I can not afford to lose weight. My plan was to drink some serious high calorie milkshakes until I can consume more solid foods. Any thoughts?
Is there anything besides the acid reflux drugs to help throat inflammation. Dr's saying my main problem with swallowing is because my throat and vocal cords are inflammed..&nbsp; Anyones Dr given them and thing else to help for this besides nexium, prilocec ect.&nbsp;&nbsp; ??????
I have the same problem and would welcome the answer too! I have been symtom free for a little while eat Cheese sandwiches and a few chocolate biscuits two days ago still hating myself for doing so throat lump back........
anyone???

Hi Cammay
I wrote on here before,i am having no heartburn problems since taking 1/2 pill of prilosec...however my stomach is like a balloon filled with air,i belch all day long.Even if i get up at 4 in the morning to go too the bathroom i instantly start belching.It is almost like i can feel the air down there,i am surprised why i am not having heartburn symptoms since all this belching going on,but i am trying to figure out if maybe i am starting to feel this way because of the prilosec,because i read where acid deficiency can cause excessive belching,does anyone have a clue what this could be coming from?

Yes,Sarah, I find that also. While I have the heartburn I cannot notice the lump but when it calms down, then I feel the lump there. I would rather have the lump than heartburn as that is not painful, just irritating. I am trying the spring water recommended by Northern Joe and I think it may be helping. I don't have so much heartburn anyway. I do most of the things that are supposed to help acid reflux, elevated bed, no tea, coffee, or soft drinks, etc, &nbsp;so something is bound to work one day. I see you are taking Nexium. That didn't help me, nor did Pariet. Before that I took Zantac and then Domperidome. Not much help from any of those things. I think the liquid Gaviscon helped a bit. I took enough to kill a horse but anyway, I'm not on that at the moment nor anything else. So, I think considering that I had taken so much before and had no relief that the tap water must have been a problem for me. Good luck, Carol

Yes, I'm trying smaller meals also but since I was such a large eater before I might only be down to normal now 
Hi, I'm 33 years old and have been on 40 mg of&nbsp;Nexium for 9 years.&nbsp; My reflux used to be controlled with medication and now it isn't.&nbsp; :(&nbsp; I'm excited for my surgery but want any and all information you have to give?&nbsp; Thank you!!!
I had the TIF 5 months ago.  Follow the diet as it is important for the success of your TIF.  Here are a few things that I learned from my TIF surgery.  Watch the oral pain medicine, I almost vomited from it and that can pull the staples out.  I got gastritis from the surgery and it has taken me a long time to get over the gastritis.  At the end of the TIF diet make a slow transition to a regular diet.  Going off a PPI after several years is also an adjustment for the stomach with the lower pH (more acid.)  The recovery takes time, my doctor said that the TIF could tighten up for 3 months and I agree with him.  It takes patients (both kinds.) I had a second 24 hour ambulatory pH test and my reflux score dropped from 28 to 5.8, well in the normal range.  Good luck!
Good luck.  We know all will go well.  Let us know how you are doing.Janice
I swallowed my Nexium whole but it is in a smooth capsule.  I went off after 2 weeks and had significant acid reflux after a couple of days  and went back on the Nexium for 3.5 months which was probably too long.  I would follow your doctor's advice for a month.  Like you, I was on a PPI for several years and the lower pH (more acid) was and adjustment for my stomach.
Yea, you're getting better!  WOOHOO!  
Has anyone had a stomach ulcer and if so can you discribe in full detail your symptoms? I suspect I have one but I'm not really sure, I know I'm miserable everyday for months now. I have the burning hungar gnawing pain in the pit of my stomach and its also tender on the left side right above belly button. I also get bloated and have gas buildup after eating and sometimes indigestion. But the burning is there early mornings til I eat and then goes away for alittle while then always comes back. 40mg nexium isn't helping at all. But also in the mornings I feel like I need to burp to relieve it from the pit of my stomach but nothing in there to burp up. Does this sound like an ulcer
I was wondering if anyone ever experienced a lot of belching with gerd,and if this can be from taking prilosec,i read where acid deficiency could cause belching.But i am constantly belching all day long,and i was wondering if this was a symptom of gerd.
So belching is definitely a symptom of gerd.Is it normal though to do it often throughout the day,or is that just what comes along with this gerd thing?Because it is really bothersome to have that feeling of air there all the time,and any advice on how to alleviate it
Has anybody had a video swallow done due to your acid reflux?? If so what were the results??
Never heard of a video swallow, Wayne. Have you had it? Sure would like someone to find a good solution to this acid reflux. I seem to be having a bit more success now that I'm not drinking tap water , just spring water. Don't have near as much heartburn as I did.
No not a barium tablet esophagram. A video swallow study where you actually eat food... apple sauce, crackers, drink and watch how you swallow. It showed I had a weak swallow and food was not going down all the way. Explained it like a&nbsp;toilet flushing..&nbsp; Instead of a nice strong flush.. it was weak where it didn't all go down.. and had to swallow a few times or have a drink to rinse it all down.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Hi, FM
Is it true that drinking spring water can help alleviate gerd symptoms?Also how good is it for someone to stay on a ppi for a long time.I read where these medications can actually increase risk of cancer after taking it for a while.I am taking prilosec and although it stops the heartburn,it does not alleviate my gas problem.
I am interested in finding out about the Spring Water also. I have just been diagnosed as having GERD. However, I do notice that if I drink water from the sick I get nauseated and the &quot;heartburn feeling&quot; is alot worse. When I was in the hospital, I only water I got to drink was the ice that had thawed out but I didn't have any problems with getting sick from it. I don't know much about GERD but I need to find out all I can. Does anyone have any suggestions on what to take as far as OTC medicines? The medicine my doctor wants to put me on cost $100.00 for 30 pills. I can not afford that right now. I am currently taking 12 other prescription medicines at this time. so one can imagine the cost I pay each month for meds. Patty
Hi guys,shellchap
Thanks for sharing your story with us! I'm sorry you had such an ordeal, but am glad to hear you're feeling much better now!
adjca,shellchap
What are you using to cleanse the colon, Cammay? And what made you decide to do it?&nbsp;I tried the ACV yesterday, Shelley,&nbsp;and it was'nt too bad at all. I am doing okay with the burning throat at the moment which I attribute to using only spring water.Tried the gingerroot but I think I'll pass on that one again. Thought all the fires of you know what were after me when I tried that 
I couldn't do the juiced ginger but I do often have 1/2 tsp of powdered ginger in a cup of boiling water. I used to have a little honey in it but now I just have it like it is. I think these things take some getting used to. I've never heard of Oxypowder for a cleanse. Seems like I heard of something like that for cleaning around the house though. Hope it's not the same thing  I've been using whole flax seed sprinkled on most things I eat for the last month and it has really helped my bowel movements. I have been constipated for the whole of my 60 years I'm sure. Even had a hemorroidectomy. Ouch!! I'll try just about anything to not be constipated.
Does anyone know if Hiatal Hernia is hereditary?&nbsp; My mom has severe GERD, peptic ulcers and was dx'd about 6 years ago with hiatal hernia.&nbsp; I&nbsp;was dx'd with GERD and peptic ulcers&nbsp;recently.&nbsp; It seems that I'm going down the same path and I didn't know if its because its hereditary.&nbsp; The reason I am asking is that I want to make sure that I am taking all of the precautions for my own child.&nbsp; I always panic when he complains about something to do with his stomach or bowels because of my problems.&nbsp; Am I just being an overprotective mother or do I really have something to be concerned of?
Hi!&nbsp; Per my Doctors hiatius Hernia's are hereditary.&nbsp; Every female in my family has one.&nbsp; I had one that was savier.&nbsp; While the others have minor hernias.&nbsp;&nbsp; I had to have a Laparoscopy Fundoplication last month, my doctors discovered my hernia after 6 years of damage to my esophagus.&nbsp; The majority of the&nbsp; people who have this condition can live with it.&nbsp; Diet, adjusting the head of the bed up 8-10 inches, and medication helps a lot.
Thank you for your reply.  I hate to hear that this is very possibly hereditary but it helps to know.  You said that every female in your home has one, do you know if it is more common in women?
Hi all, I've&nbsp;just had my surgery date confirmed for the Partial Landescopic Fundoplication operation that I've decided to have. The date is 21st April, gulp gulp.Thank you again for any feedback on this....


I had the TIF procedure in August.&nbsp; Most of the recovery occurs by 4-6 weeks.&nbsp; Soft foods for at least the first 2-3 weeks, then proceed slowly as you feel more able to handle chewier stuff.&nbsp; Most recommend to stay away from meats and bread, and I had difficulty with a raw carrot at about 3 weeks.&nbsp; (Started choking, despite lots of chewing couldn't wash it down with water, and threw it back up.&nbsp; Did not damage surgical site.)
I had LPR symptoms. I rarely had hearburn. When i had the upper GI scope done, the doc said my LES was "bad". So that made the decision to get the TIF procedure easy. 
Dbil,Did the procedure help your LPR symptoms?
Dbil,Constant sore throat?  Acid gas coming to your mouth?  Please describe?  Where did you have the TIF procedure done?  Is the TIF better than Nissen with regards to LPR?  Thanks.
Hey Guys,Thanks for listening

Faith, I see what you are saying.  So did they say the breath test was a false positive then basically?Lifelong stuff: Food allergies, eczema, asthma
Faith,  I go to the gastro doc tomorrow and will ask him aboutJames
I know this is an old thread....but came across it and wondering if anybody had any answers to their belching issues?? I am having similar issues and can't seem to find an answer....very curious and feeling desperate!!
Is yougurt also diary product i eat ot most of the time with wheat flour we called it chapati.
Hi&nbsp;Guys -
Hi Everyone,Thanks
 Lonestar chick ther is a definite connection to gerd and the sinus'. I have had sinus/gerd issues for the last 25 years! I wish I could find some relief. I have lost a substantial amount of hearing in both my ears. In 1994 I had an operation to correct my hearing loss. I had a condition where the spongy material around the middle ear bones hardens causing hearing loss. I have the same issue with my right ear but they won't do the surgery because I have balance problems and dizziness. I wake up every morning with my ears completely plugged up. Once gravity takes over it starts to clear out. It never completely clears out. I think at this point I am going to see my ent and see what he can do for me. I wouldn't wish this condition on anyone! It's like being sick 24/7 all your life. If anyone has any suggestions I would love to hear them! I am 47 but feel 80 sometimes. On top of all this I have fibromyalgia.
Thought I would post my journey over the last 5.5 years                                                           #3 on 8/24/11
 your NFP 
MB12-                                                           #3 on 8/24/11
My self I wasn't up to long drives for about                                                           #3 on 8/24/11
pennie-                                                                                #3 8/24/11

Thanks for sharing that Teri... thats wonderful news and gives us all hope. :)
Teri16 - Good for you!&nbsp; Could you please share some of the highlights of your diet besides no caffeine and also your medication?

Hi guys... i have had GERD for years and have managed to keep it undercontrol till last year when no drug would work, i just had this horrid bitter taste in my mouth and bad breath/body odour ... i was recently diagnosed with crohn's disease but have been told the odour was not from crohn's, but when i started on my medication, it went away for while, but now its back... can Gerd Cause horrid breath/body odour? i have been checked by an ENT, had kidneys checked, dentist checked out ok... im baffled .. im having severe drymouth and saliva glands seem to not be working right im on a new drug called periat, it&nbsp;&nbsp;seems to help a bit&nbsp; ... any suggestions?
GERD does cause bad breath problems and it is the acid reflux that causes it.  I spoke to my doctor about what I can do for it and he suggested that I carry a travel size little bottle of mouthwash around with me.  He strongly suggests not to eat mints (which causes heartburn) or chewing gum (which wakes up your stomach acids).  Hope this helps.
Hello,
yes i have had a racing heartbeat when i have acid reflux.&nbsp; the dr i saw said that if the esophogus is close to your heart, the reflux can cause your esophogus to rub against your heart and cause symptoms.
Thanks rjohnson!
This may not work for everyone, but I have found aciphex is more effective for me if I take it at the end of my first meal.&nbsp; i believe that is the opposite of what most people are told.&nbsp; I must also tell you that around the time I started taking aciphex after the first meal I also started drinking spring water instead of tap water.&nbsp; It's always best to make one change at a time so you know, but I'm going to continue doing both since I seem to be having fewer "bad" days.&nbsp; I do find that keeping a record of what and when you eat and how and when medication is taken is also helpful.
Hi Guys,
best of luck with your surgery! 


Hiwahijs
In the last few weeks I woke I'm choking to acid in my throat I ate before going to bed, this has never happen to me&nbsp; before.&nbsp; Yesterday I got the burning sensation behind my breastbone, and when I push on it, well it hurts.&nbsp; But the real thing that bothers me is the feeling there is something going up and down my esphagus (sorry for the spelling) I belch and belch and still it feels like there is food in my throat tube, and when I eat or drink it goes down so slow like it's going to get stuck!&nbsp; I have had occasional indigestion from time to time, and 2 years ago I got a really bad case when I ate a spicey pizza. It took a week for the burning to stop in my throat.&nbsp; Can anyone tell me please what this may be, I'm confused on the various things it could be they all sound the same!&nbsp; Any help would be appreciated!&nbsp; Thank you in advance!&nbsp; How long can a bout of this last I thought heartburn indigestion only lasted a few hours its been 2 days with this uncomfortable food feeling going up and down, and also with the food &amp; drinks feeling like they arent going to pass, but they do.&nbsp; Sorry rambling......just don't know what to do have taken Mylanta, acid reducers, and alka seltzers.....HELP PLEASE!
Hey guys lately I've been noticing weird stool colors. I've been having dark green stool lately of regular texture and density. The color is the only thing that worries me. Other times it has been bright orange (maybe because I ate a bunch of pink waffers?) Anyway, it's been a while since I've had regular brown stool. Has anyone has similar problems? Is this due to taking omeprazole or do you think I should be concerned?Thanks!
I've been searching medical journals lately about hiatal hernia but it seems odd that a person could have this fixed via chiropractic massage and have it stay that way. I mean the enlarged hole in the diaphragm would still be there, so I don't know what would be expected to keep the stomach down when (or if) it is actually able to be moved down via massage.
I have been diagnosed with grade one esophagitis caused by reflux and have been switched from 40 mg Nexium to 60 mg Dexilant. During my endoscopy, my gastroenterologist also found abnormal motility in my esophagus, which he dilated. I felt like I was able to swallow better for a few days, but then went right back to where I was before the dilation. I feel discomfort when I swallow, and I can feel all food and liquid moving down slowly. 
WJF- Thanks for the advice. No bile was found in my stomach during an endoscopy, so I'm hoping that means no bile reflux. I've read that the only thing that can help bile reflux is surgery. I'm taking my lexapro again in the hopes that it will help with the motility issue, or at least calm me down. Going on vacation to South Carolina in next week, so hopefully that will distract me from all of this. 
Kat - 
Ok, thanks. I'm still using samples from my doctor, so I will check with my pharmacist when I pick up the prescription.
Ok, i am not new to GERD but i am new to having to take Zantac on a daily basis.. at least lately anyways.. was just wondering if anyone knew if there were any long term effect of taking it on a daily basis. As well as i take Tegretol 400mg 2x a day to control non epileptic seizures. One website i went to had a comparison of zantac and taking prescription drugs and one of the drugs it was compated to was Depakote, now thats not tegretol but still.... and it said that theres a possiblilty of alteration in seizure control. I have been on Tegretol for about 6-7 yrs now. and have been completely seizure free for almost 4 yrs... so i was wondering if anyone had any info about this and taking them both daily... or if there were any known long term affects of Zantac... Yes i know we are not medically licensed (blah blah blah lol) but an opinion would be great! Thanks!
Hello everyone,&nbsp; I am new to this forum and would be pleased if someone could point me in the right direction about eating,&nbsp; I have spent hour's looking at what diferent doctor's say is right to eat but it has left me more confused than before !
HI bedwedgewahijs
Hello.Thanks
Thank you for your advice, dalukas.  You may have a good point for me.  I am presently taking the H PAC for h-pylori.  It is a triple treatment one is an antacid and two strong antibiotics.  Tonight I had such severe heartburn, which I hadn't experienced for a few months.  It seemed to happen after taking the Metamucil   I find that when I use Apple Cider Vinegar, I can control my heartburn.  I took two TUMS which helped a bit.  I still have burning in the chest but the pain is gone.  I am so nervous about everything that I take.
Thanks Andy1986!Good luck to all of us!
I am just so annoyed right now. My uncle married his parter of 22 years this weekend. It was a miraculous moment as NYC has recognized gay marriage.  However, I could not enjoy any of it due to my reflux. I had to deviate from my food schedule and content but I have been doing a little better so I thought I would be ok. Wrong. I was in so much pain. It isn't like I went crazy with food either I was sensible.  The esophageal spasms were back with a vengeance and once they started my anxiety went crazy.  It ruined my time. People did not understand. People 30 years older than me were up dancing while I sat and watched like an 85 year old frail woman. It was so depressing. I couldn't help but cry to my husband when we got back to the hotel. I see my new doctor Friday. I don't know what he is going to do for me besides change my medication. I still am going to look into accupincture. I still need that mamotry test I guess. Those spasms are ungodly. Thank god for gaviscon it helped.
Hi if somebody can answer this please do its driving me crazy thinking I'm gonna die everyday. First I'm 22 years old and am overweight I have been to the er several times so far this year and I have a primary care  doctor who I see and he says I have herd but  what I have found online is that gerd doesn't cause pain in your arms neck back so on I haven't seen a gastro yet I'm not sure if my medical threw dshs will cover one but it seems day after I eat or get done doing something physical I get weird pains in my right arm and sometimes left and chest pains that happen on my left side but more so on my right side a couple inches over from the center of my chest to right above ky breast bone my doctor also says it is anxiety and depression. My symptoms are palpitaions, chest fluttering, arm pain, chest pain, back pain, shoulder pain, stiff neck with pain, taste of acid or metallic taste in my mouth when I wake up and threw out the day, food washing back up,chest tighness, and many others my last er visit they did an ultra sound for a blood clot and checked my liver enzymes and checked my heart for any damage and my liver came back fine and they said my heart hasn't had any damage done to it. Sorry for all The talking I'm just not sure if it is ky heart even know they said there is no damage to it. But last night it started scaring me after I was runnin around and stuff and when I got home my heart beat was ranging from 92 to 114 and I will say I slipt becouse of all of the stress and stuff and I smoked weed last night so I'm not sure if that could be the cause but it seemed to never do anything when I smoked it. Please help its driving me crazy.
I am so glad I found this site!As I said, I'm 24. Am 120pounds.
I'm glad I found this forum. I have recently begun to have symptoms of gerd. I first started having some dizzy spells and nausea. I thought that it was a gluten intolerance. I haven't been tested for gluten intolerance, but it has been over a week since i've have gluten and no more dizzy spells. This past week new symptoms arose. I first started having a pain in my left shoulder and tightness above my left breast. I thought that these were heart attack symptoms and the worrying seemed to make the pain worse. I went to the doctor and told her my symptoms and she said that I have acid reflux. She gave me omeprazole and some zofran for the nausea. I didn't think I was having acid reflux but then started to notice that my pain gets worse after I eat. Since taking the omeprazole, the chest pain has been reduced. It has been 3 days on the omeprazole and today I woke up very very sore all across my chest and my left and right shoulders. My right arm seems to get better quickly, but my left shoulder aches throughout the day.  the pain in my left arm?
I think I've finally got my reflux under control with the exception of one symptom that is extremely bothersome. I am experiencing throat tightness that does not want to go away! My first symptom was the sensation of a lump in my throat, which started in February. Then other symptoms developed. I was put on Prilosec, then Nexium, and finally Dexilant, the latter being the only one that has worked for me. I've also had my esophagus dilated. All of my symptoms have resolved, but the lump in throat sensation has turned into more of a tight feeling in my throat.
KitKat, I am in your shoes. I wish I had an answer. All of the acid reducers help with my other heartburn symptoms (burping,chest tightness). I am on 40 mg Prilosec now.  None of them help with the throat symptom. I had an Endoscopy on 06/06 and the GI dilated my throat  (He did see evidence of reflux), but I can't tell any difference with the lump.  Like you, I am hoping that extended use of PPI may help ( thus far, I used them in fits and starts based on symptoms), but I don't know. I raised the bed and have modified my diet somewhat, but I am really baffled by this symptom.  I am going to ask the GI when I go for my f/u, but I am not sure he will have an answer.
My follow-up is 07/09. I took Dexilant for a month prior to the endoscopy and he switched me to generic Prilosec 40 mg because of the cost. As Dexilant didn't affect the lump, it wasn't worth the fight to keep it. Prior to that from Fall 2010 on, I did 14 day courses of Prevacid or Prilosec (OTC based on what was on sale) here and there, but mostly used Pepcid 20 mg. I had a Barium swallow in Apr 2011 that was normal, but I didn't develop the throat problem until Fall 2011 and that sent me back to my PCP who referred me on to the Gi when the short course of PPI didn't help the throat issue. Once the throat problem started, it stuck with me pretty much. I think months of reflux finally caused this. I am glad the Endoscopy showed reflux because at least that backs up what I have been going through.  I really hope consistent treatment with a PPI will make a difference although I am not thrilled with taking one.
Doggbones- Thanks for the suggestion. I will give it a try. At this point I am trying not to panic about this symptom. The idea of a lifetime of this is not a pleasant thought, especially when you're only 25!
Hello, I am new here and just have a quick question.&nbsp; Does anyone know where I can purchase orange peel extract?&nbsp; At drug stores, online or what?&nbsp; I am having a hard time finding it.&nbsp; Thanks to anyone who replies.
Welcome t-texas, I noticed by your username that you are probably in Texas.  I'm in Houston and we have stores here (chain) called the Vitamin Shoppe and that is the only place that I have been able to find them.  You may be able to go to their website and buy them also.  Be careful because there are a lot of warnings for drug interactions on it (even though its all natural).  Good Luck!
&nbsp;I went to visit my doctor yesterday and he proscribed another load of prevacid and ranitidine,&nbsp; I asked him how long will I have to take this medecin because it is expencive and I don't have a lot of money,&nbsp; he said you must take it for the rest of your life,&nbsp; Im 45 year's old,&nbsp; this expence is a real problem for me,&nbsp; Ive been on it for about three month's now and it dosen't even seem to work,&nbsp; I still wake up with pain in the chest,&nbsp; while their selling this expencive drug their not going to tell you if there's an alternative.
Grab some books on GERD or check out the internet medical sites. Start reading and see what you can find out. Doctors just don't have all the answers. Not to mention they don't have the time they once had to focus on just one patient. We can thank insurance companies for that one! Compare your symptoms to what you read. You may be able to find an answer your doctor never thought of. I have several health problems and each time I'm diagnosed I &quot;hit the books&quot;. 
Hi everyone. I'm a 49 year old male diagnosed with GERD, Gastritis, IBS, Lactose Intolerance and various other disorders (ie; GAD, Hypochondria, Panic Disorder, OCD, etc) as well as Allergic Rhinitis, Chronic Sinusitis and a Deviated Septum. I also have cervical arthritis with a bone spur at C-5/C-6 and I also have bad, worn-down teeth (I'm always grinding them).NOTE: A few weeks ago I had the most severe burning in my stomach that it radiated up into my right side, causing intense pain and I ended up in the ER thinking I had pancreatis or a gall stone. I literally thought the end was near!. After an upper-body CT scan with contrast and numerous tests I was told that I had GERD which surprized me a LOT because I've had this for years and never knew it could get this bad or cause so many (sometimes very frightening) symptoms.
&nbsp;Hi
Hiwahijs
I think I have experienced just about all the symptoms that others have been through.&nbsp; I have the most wonderful GI doctor that has helped me and I would like to pass on his thoughts and, hopefully, help others.&nbsp; I understand what the pain is and I also know 100% that diet will help (at least, it helped me)&nbsp; The goal is to reduce your acid; therefore, you want to eliminate as many high acid producing foods as possible from your diet.&nbsp; Stop all the following in any way, shape, or form:&nbsp; onions, garlic, citric fruits, tomatoes, spicy foods, alcohol, high fat meats, no diary&nbsp; products at all ie:&nbsp; milk, sour cream, cheese, yogurt,&nbsp;butter, &nbsp;caffeine drinks ie:&nbsp; coffee, tea, soft drinks.&nbsp; Other than that, it's trial and error.&nbsp;&nbsp; Lactose free&nbsp;milk seems okay.&nbsp; Restrictive??&nbsp; You betcha... but pain is a great motivator (*_*)&nbsp; There's no cheating on this... and it will take a while.... it has done wonders for me and I hope for you.&nbsp; Almost forgot... I take 1 Nexium one hour before&nbsp;the big meal of the day&nbsp;(one a day).&nbsp; As needed, it is okay to take over the counter antacids (Gelusil, Mylanta, etc) one hour after meals.&nbsp; I sleep on a wedge.&nbsp; Good luck!!!!&nbsp;&nbsp; Forgot to mention..... no fried foods.
I haven't really heard anything about long term effects of the wedge.  They come in 3 sizes and I use the 12&quot; one... you might want to try the 6&quot; one if you're worried about your back...?  I have never been told to sleep with your spine &quot;straight&quot;.. some advise sleeping on side with one knee raised a little for back comfort.   It's possible with the wedge to sleep on one side, change to the other side, or to stay on your back.  Sorry I couldn't be more help.  I can only say that I haven't had any back discomfort from the wedge.
I'm new here and hope I can find an answer from all you knowledgable people.
I`m new here too. Just posted my own problems. Have you been on meds for a long time.
Thanks Des, I will be in contact with my Dr. soon and let you all know.

I just got some anit anxiety meds today. Will go off the coffee and sugar starting tomorrow. Can you tell me how NOT to get a headache from caffeine withdrawal???   LOL
U wont believe a touch of sugar on my toung make my mouth sour for hourswahijs

Hi there,Learn lots.  Don't judge.  Laugh for no reason.  Be nice.  Seek happiness.
Hello KaskittyBuzz
Hey, folks. Long-time lurker here, first-time poster.


Jenn-                                                           #3 on 8/24/11






Hi JennLes.
great reading this please keep it coming as I'm preparing my self for this also.  I put it off for too long and I need to be prepare as much as I can.  Thank you again for sharing this experience.  May I know who is your doctor?  I'm looking for a good doctor to do this procedure.Dan
Wow! I just discovered your journal today, and you sound exactly like me. Every little detail you explain pre-op is exactly what I have been going through, except that I starting seeing doctors when I was 14 and ended up seeing some 50 doctors. Just like you, none of my doctors will recommend surgery, even when my pH probe shows 165 instances of reflux in 24 hours and everything else clearly points towards surgery. Hopefully I will be able to convince one doctor to sign me up for surgery and will be able to have it during the summer. Great to see updates.Studying biomedical engineering to research a better fix to at least one of them.

Jenn-                                                                                #3 8/24/11
 
Hi everyone!  Just joined the site and so happy to find this site, purely by accident.  I had a Nissen Fundoplication for a sliding hiatal hernia, gastritis and erosive esophigitis (sp).  The surgery was aboutHas anyone else had something like this happen?  If so, what did you end up doing?  My doctor has been accused of performing less than par procedures so now going back scares me.  Any guidance or information anyone can give would be SO GREATLY appreciated!!!!
Hi DebbieI think it will be helpful to you   My best wishes. Pat
3 Years, 1 Week Post Op - January 21, 2016(aka jedi_Jenn)
This symptom is newer to me.  It started a few months ago when my PPI started to loose more effectiveness.  I've had this disease for years, but I don't think I had this before, probably because it's mostly been controlled on PPIs.  On a double dose now and still no relief:(  But this symptom is very annoying!  My tongue has a weird bitter/sweet taste most of the time, even when not eating I have it slightly.  It's got to be from the reflux...anyone else??
I know that everyone says it's possible to get heartburn after the surgery,  but I'm thinking my surgery did not work. I'm eight-days post op, no problems at all taking big gulps,  can burp, very hungry and lots of heartburn every day. Dr had me stop all PPI's, but I'm taking them again because I can stand the heartburn pain.  Has anyone here suffered with heartburn after the surgery, but only temporary?Summer
No PPIs - after surgery lots of times you will have heartburn feeling but it is usually the food that gets stuck and comes back up - not real reflux.

 
I'm so glad I can burp because I think it helped me to have no stomach swelling, gas or anything in that respect. Just good old heartburn, but I'm hoping the heartburn will go away in time.Summer
Thanks Denise,Summer
Estella,-Mark
Does anyone else have severe water brash?  How do you deal with it?This disease is BRUTAL!
Whatever my secretions are, I know that they are in fact acidic.  I have a saliva ph testing kit and I test it every morning and it is hovering around a ph of 5, which is scary!  Bad for teeth, gums, etc.  I tested the rest of my family as a control, and they are all hovering in the 7 range (as anyone should be).
 
No one on the forum talks any more about Stretta. Is it already dated?
Hi DOGGBONES,http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/stretta-therapy-for-gerd-receives-strongest-recommendation-in-sages-new-clinical-guideline-190664391.html
Did anyone of you have the Stretta done? Pleasseeeeeeee!!!!!
Dear sdmederiCan you comment on this? I assume you will say it is just hearsay?
Hi.  I haven't written about
Alexandra:  I think you're right that a certain amount of fear is normal for people with health problems.  But for me, it was a level of anxiety that was definitely not normal.  The paleo diet was so very helpful for that.  Two other things I forgot to mention:  I eat my last meal of the day aboutScott
 Alexandra
Thanks!Have you cut out wheat/gluten? She's been tested negative for celiac, but I'm wondering if it could still be a problem, since it's one of the few foods that she does have somewhat consistently-crackers with nut butter for breakfast, noodles, bread, etc.
My appetite was fine until a few days ago when I started taking Zantac and now I don't feel hungry. I want to eat and food looks good to me, but I don't feel hunger pains like I did before. It feels almost like when I took Prilosec and the food seems to be staying in my stomach and not digesting properly. Anyone have this?
Hi all. I had linx 5 months ago. Had a barium swallow done last week. The linx seems to be in place but is letting reflux back through. I am at the mercy of the nhs now as my private medical insurance won't cover it. All i can do is wait.........
Any mods? I made a post in a threat many months ago about some future drug that I thought was the future of GERD treatment. I can't remember the name or anything and am driving myself nuts trying to find it. Would it by chance be very easy for one of you to find? If not, no worries. Thanks.
Hello all,Oh, one more thing.  I've lost way, way too much weight; skin and bones now.  Will try to gain weight on a low-acid diet.
Hello everyone,John
I am writing in hopes that someone can recommend a good Specialist to treat this condition in the Philly area. For me the shortness of breath started suddenly and out of the blue. After multiple visits to the ER ans specialists, I decided to follow the lead of silent reflux and asked the specialist to perform endoscopy? Is amazing that I had to tell the specialist what to do. They are lost! Then my diagnosis came back as reflux esophagithis. Never had acid reflux or pain or any of the other common symptoms of GERD, just the shortness of breath which was suffocating, extremely intense at night. Weird thing is that it actually gets better if I move around, and gets worse when at rest. Doing a lot of research online found publications from dr Hanna Saddah who is based in Oklahoma. He describes this condition as pseudo dyspnea. You can find his literature online. Just google it. I thought it was amazing how well he described the symptoms. the problem is, no other GE I have visited seems to think there is a relationship between silent reflux and shortness of breath, but there has to be! According to dr Saddah an irritated esophagus damages the nerves end in the esophagus which causes the shortness of breath. Does anyone suffering this condition has found a good Specialist? Please let me know! Thanks so much for your help!
Everything you are describing is what I have been suffering with for 18 months. The shortness of breath, constant cough, racing pulse and chest pain took me to a and e twice. I had the fundo and the symptoms aren't as bad as when I was first diagnosed but I think it's because I sleep virtually upright and really careful with diet. I have fluid in my ears, burning throat, blocked sunuses, chest pain on left side, can't talk for longer than a few seconds without feeling like my throat will close, constant sighing and yawn ALL the time. I had a chest X-ray and could see the inflammation in my lungs was told (wrongly I hope) that it was COPD despite me never smoking. I'Be battled to get anyone to take me seriously and now have a really good resiratory doctor and GI surgeon who after much persuading performed impedance which showed reflux to the throat area and has told me I need a full wrap this time. I think for cases of LPR surgery is more often than not suggested.
Shortness of Breath sufferers:  Another update from heyerfan and something I wish I had in hand last year when things were so bad, so horrible.  If I had know this and known where to get the help I needed much less suffering and trauma:  more specific easier diagnosis to remember Vocal Cord Dysfunction.  So many different names under this umbrella for larynx issues.  Lot of cross referencing research before finding the help I really needed.heyerfan
Hello
What does the z line mean? I went on vacay and my symptoms got much better. When I returned last night suddenly I started coughing again. Today I've been having a lot of neck pain again 😱😭
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
Many times I've heard that our forum has members with problems only.  Thanks. Pat
Hi Jayster-- have you looked into the Linx anti reflux device that fits around the lower esophageal spinchter .  It  the device and what and why the nissen is appropriate for you. How many has he done. Could they furnish the name of a few of his patients (with the patients prior approval) that you could ask questions that the doctor might not have time to answer.  How long does the surgeon feel it would take for the ulceration to heal if you have surgery. Let us know how you are doing. Welcome to the forum. Pat
GaynTammy
Having visited several surgeons, I have learned to ask the secretary, nurses, PA's, and anyone who listens (affiliated with the surgeons office) how many fundoplications has the doctor done in the past year, week, career-- looking for any kind of answer--to help me judge experience. How have the 'successful fundo' members obtain and use this in their decision making and how many did your surgeon perform.
Thank you Denise and Bill & one and all that have participated with information on their successful surgeries.   It is one of the hardest decisions ever to  have this surgery. It is agonizing!  Soul searching !Even the use of what product is used for the suturing prolene of the fundo for durability. Or the comment that he does only full wraps, as this stops reflux 'totally'  , or the Maloney for size maintenance of the wrap .  Anyway, y'all get the idea of the analyzing that patients do. It is their process arriving at a decision.   Value your opinions and others that have had this surgery. Thanks. Pat
I was reading over the submissions on this thread and thought I would added to my previous post that appears on the first page.  Diet. the possibility of reflux.  And, there has been no long-term life style changes at all.
teapot01, thank you!  I just wish I could have found the right doctor several years ago.  My quality of life over the past 6 years has been dismal.  I'm confident that I will feel like a new person very soon!
Don't get complacent.  For all of my positive reports I got careless the other night at a buffet and failed to observe my own advice.  I over-ate and wound up with something stuck.....maybe I was trying to cram too much in.  Anyway, my entire esophagus seemed to lock up and I had achy-pains all up into my throat and up both sides of the throat.  I imagine it was the vagus nerve which has branches up there.   That was a first in 2 1/2 years.  It ached for hours and I even tried to vomit but couldn't.   I just had to wait it out and finally I was able to burp out some air (what I call venting) to reduce the pressure.  I am now going back to small meals with lots of chewing.....and I knew better too.........
I'm 35 and had some reflux issues since age 18 but 1.5 years before the surgery it got worse. I ended up in the ER twice for extreme chest pains and throwing up blood. Using twice a day prescription meds, eliminating any bad foods, and losing 70 pounds helped but after a repeat endoscopy and acid test I was shown to have a hiatal hernia and pretty severe reflux. I was short of breath all the time and missing eating real food. So, even with misgivings if I was severe enough for this surgery, I decided to do it. An ultrasound showed a need for gall bladder removal so I had them both done as the same time. 4 weeks out and besides having to chew well and limit my portions I'm back to normal. I have not introduced steak, red sauce, or sodas yet and won't for four more weeks. I have a little bloating still but can burp. Largest incision site still hurts a bit and I haven't tried exercise in extreme fashion yet. I have some indigestion and chest pains if I eat too much or too fast or don't chew well enough, but I've had zero reflux or nausea and am on zero meds. I can eat larger portions each day. I'm happy with the surgery and hoping no complications spring up. I did get a respiratory infection 6 days out, so coughing hurt, but no other real issues. My surgeon's specialty was gastro procedures and his favorite surgery is the nissen fundoplication. The nurse anesthetist told me I had the best and he'd personally seen him perform it dozens of times. I think the surgeon does matter, as does following the diet. Hope that helps.
I love reading these stories. I'm having my surgery next Tuesday. Will post post op journey.
Two months ago I drank 2 oz. of apple cider vinegar and it still has not healed.  In fact, it is now worse after relapsing from eating a sandwich.  I drink maybe 1 - 1 1/2 cups of water a day and eat about 500 calories.  I have lost over 20 lbs on a 125 lb frame.  I have had two GI doctors... neither seem to help.  I am in constant pain, constant fatigue.  I am waiting for this to turn a corner but it doesn't.  I am taking protoniz 40 mg a day.  Tried slippery elm but that hurts to drink as well.  Because I drink so little I'm concerned for my kidneys so I don't take dgl licorice or gaviscon which can help but they indicate do not take if kidney issues.  I don't have kidney issues yet but how long can my body take this.  Why don't doctor's care?  I've already gone to the hospital once due to dehydration and received a liter of fluid.  But I need constant IV fluids in order to heal.  I'm afraid I'm not turning a corner or what to do. I read an old post from KINDHEART and I've tried to follow her regimen since it's very close to mine but I can't drink liquids.  It's more painful than eating food.  I'm at the end of my rope.  What do I do?  I feel like going to the emergency room and begging them for help.  And I look anorexic.  I've lost hope.  Can anyone provide me any guidance?
Hey guys, having wish I was a bit more well informed before trying ACV and now ending up worse than when I started, I wanted to share with you some knowledge I have learned the hard way to assist you in avoiding similar issues.  I'm still recovering slowly and today was the first day in many with some improvement.
Hi All,
QuadTSharon
So i have a nissen full wrap to hold a 7 cm hiatus hernia trouble is my wrap does not tottaly stop reflux i also got infected with h pylori and i have bilenin stomavh as well as gastritis i sometimes feel liquid backing up ,lots of small hurps i release ,throat makes gurgling noise and all is a mess doc in my country cant help and im sufdering rerrible and out of options started to fget immune trouble cause of digestion and im freaking out!Help me please!
just want to share with you my journey treating lpr. i have been doing so much research and self experimentation. i realize everyone is different. but here is what is and is not working for me.
Hi all,Could my GERD be nerve/back related? Has anyone had experience with GERD relief through a chiropractor or physiotherapist?
Hello All,overall i am doing good. will keep updating this post.
A month ago I was diagnosed with grade a esophagitis. Any feedback would be appreciated. I'm really concerned.
Has anyone found that rice or beans trigger esophageal spasms? I had my first attack after eating white rice. Then several other attacks after eating rice so I cut it form my diet. THEN tonight I went to someone's home for dinner and one of the side dishes was baked beans. I had to leave because I could not breathe or swallow, for several hours.
My heartburn/dysphagia means mealtimes for me are hell. I've simultaneously developed a fear of choking, naturally, as I have trouble swallowing. I know a part of it is psychosomatic but a very real part of it is also acid damage to my throat.Has anyone tried anything other than PPIs to help with this? Or even any recipes or foods in the meantime? I'm working with a therapist for the fear of choking, but my GP hasn't been much help- I'm getting a referral to an ENT and a gastroenterologist, but in the meantime is there anything I should be doing that I'm not?
I have been living a nightmare for the last 60 days it started one day after work I was eating dinner with my family and began to choke. Ever since then it has been a physical and mental nightmare and is getting worse.
Hi There, Welcome to the Forum~I'm sorry you're having a tough time right now.  I have never experienced your symptoms, but just wanted to let you know that you're not alone in your battel w/GERD.  Maybe, if you stroll through some of the other posts, you could possible gain some info on your specific symptoms.Vanessa
Its odd but what you said seems just about right the last two days I am having a better time with eating not my natural self but enough to get by.


I've felt discomfort when swallowing and have had strictures in my esophagus.   For many years the acid reflux was silent -- I found out aboutGood luck.


&nbsp;
Hi Guys,Hope this helps
Hi Kitt,Freeport Beach
I had been dealing with trouble swallowing for a couple months recently, but the past 2 weeks or so, it has gotten completely better.    I wanted to post here because I remember reading this board and others looking for help.    I fell into a depression because it would take me a swallow of water for every tiny bit of food I ate just to swallow.   It would take me 45 minutes just to eat a grilled cheese.    I felt embarrassed to eat around other people, and I lost weight.  It generally made me very sad and frustrated.
I just want to mention that my dad has Parkinson's Disease and as part of that, and the aging process (he is 93) his swallowing problems have gotten the worst yet.  First for I'd say a couple of years, he'd cough or sound like he was gagging only after he drank beverages or had some soup.  I thought it was odd, but I did see a container of &quot;thickening&quot; stuff on the window ledge by the window we'd sit near at lunch time.  Good luck to all of you!
Hi all,Anyone else has findings similar that can give advice?  I'm hoping that some type of fundoplication/partial fundoplication and getting rid of acid could help motility.
Hi guys just curious if anyone with silent reflux/GERD has hypersalivation?thanks!
This is a new thread to document my upcoming EndoStim procedure in Germany planned for the May/June 2016 time frame.  I have had GERD for over 10 years and delayed having a fundoplication due to a history of hiccup issues, which potential could cause healing issues.  By the time the Linx procedure was available the damage to the esophagus was to the point I no longer qualified due to swallowing motility issues.  The Toupee procedure was also not recommended due to potential swallowing issues by my surgeon.  The tests showed that while there is a swallow motility issue, the lower esophageal sphincter is responding and  two weeks in Europe before I fly back. (Just a note if anyone was interested in why I was &quot;given&quot; name puppetman by the kids I work with.)
PuppetMan, the endostim. I read they are doing it in Mexico, I wonder if any one went therefore he procedure.
How much did you have to pay for it all?
PuppetMan,Arlington, VA
Hello.  I was put on a PPI a year ago for gastritis and a burning throat.  The PPI made my burning stomach go away quickly, and after 6 months the burning throat went away. I am now weaning off the PPI because it gives me bad side effects. However, I've noticed the burning throat is back. I also take 300mg Zantac.  Does anyone know if the burning throat goes away eventually?  It scares me.  I don't want to go back on PPI's -- their side effects scare me even more.  I am eating a very low acid bland diet, sleeping with a wedge, not eating 3 hours before bed, using slipperly elm, DGL, digestive enzymes and probiotics and doing everything else &quot;right.&quot;  Maybe I should take Gaviscon Advance after meals?   I think the sore throat came on when I tried to add more fat to my diet since I&quot;m so skinny. The added fat must have increased my acid production (I don't know how you eat paleo with GERD...I have gastritis and it would just cause more acid).So I live on white rice, cooked veggies, bananas, white fish and oatmeal. Anyway, will the sore throat go away when the acid rebound period ends? Thanks very much. Also - how quickly after getting a sore throat could it become Barrets Esophagus?
pre-Nissen I had reflux standing up, sitting down, and at night 24/7. 
Hello everyone again,Mary
I wrote a similar thread in the past, and it was locked. Funny. And to bad, since many need help with their GERD. I wrote this to share with you what works, as it permanently worked for me.
Does anyone have this annoying symptom?Mary
I had my surgery 4 weeks ago tomorrow and am still having significant chest pain. I was having aspiration into my lungs prior to surgery causing chest pain, but was well treated with an inhaler. I am having no swallowing or bloating issues. How long does it take before you feel better?
What was happening was, over the past 2 weeks. I've had severe hayfever but in short bouts. Sneezing, runny nose and itchy eyes and ears. Well, I've never suffered with shortness of breath and hayfever but this last couple of days. I've noticed slight breathlessness, the need to take a deep breath occasionally. This on top of the humidity in the air doesn't help. I'd like to know if anyone else has had this problem post-Nissen Fundoplication(I'm 4 months on July 13th) I've been doing great, feeling strong and healthy. Eating well and drinking well. The ache around top of my stomach the site of the wrap but that's eased quite alot in the last few weeks. It's just this breathlessness what's kind of annoying and frustrating. I'v looked after myself really and my blood-count has shown because i had a kidney transplant when i was 17 and that's over 10 years ago now. If anyone can tell me about
Hi there!Thanks guys!
Hi everyone,
Hi Everyone!
All - Today I fly from Denver to Florida for the valvuloplasty with Dr. G. I met him last week while I was down in Disney World. One of the best visits I've ever had with a surgeon of his caliber. He answered all my questions and didn't rush me whatsoever. It was very reassuring to meet him and to see his significant credentials and awards all over the walls. I mean the guy was voted as one of America's top docs in 2013 (I believe, could be wrong on the year) and worked at the Mayo Clinic. https://www.facebook.com/groups/164359177418806/
Susan, I looked up a Toupet procedure and it is a partial wrap. Because of the long lasting bad side effects of the wrap is the reason why I went to see Dr Gee.  My stomach was also through my hernia and into my chest.  I am one year s/p gastroesophageal valvuloplasty and I feel great.  See both Dr. Gee and Dr Eubanks to discuss their surgery.    When a wrap is done, the surgeon takes part of your stomach and wraps to around the esophagus.  The wrap can be too tight or lose,  Dr. Gee told me that it eventually fails and you have to have it redone.  Read the comments on those that are s/p wrap.  Dr. Gee creates a valve between the esophagus and stomach, which 
Hi AllThe pain has been minimal after the first 2 days.  I'm finding that I can only eat small amounts of food. But that's no problem.  I'll update more as the week progresses.
My legal Disclaimer- I am not a doctor! I am only giving an honest account of my recovery regarding the Linx Procedure.  I am in no way suggesting that someone should or should not receive the Linx Procedure.  Also, what works for me may or may not work for you.  please consult with your doctor for questions or medical advise.Please feel free to post questions and comments/suggestions.  If you are considering the procedure or you are fresh out of surgery, please ask any questions you have.
Pam,Thanks for the post.  I wish u the best in your surgery.  I'm roughly 8 months out and I'm feeling great.  I agree, swallowing can be the stickler.  You will learn to eat different and smaller bites.  Example, I take a normal bite of food but I seperate it in half in my mouth and swallow that half.  I wait 30 secs or so then swallow the other.  The linx does not like a lot forces through at once.  Please keep us updated and ask any questions
HEY CHAD, DID YOU LOSE WEIGHT?????? I AM ONLY 2 WEEKS OUT OF SURGERY, AND I DO FEEL LIKE I AM LOSING DUE TO THE NEW EATING PROCESS..
Thanks! So far all is going okay. I had hiatal hernia repair and the Linx procedure - I know it’s still early but definitely hopeful recovery won’t be too awful in the coming weeks. On day of surgery I came home and had horrible shoulder pain but was told that was just from the gas used to inflate stomach during procedure. I slept on heating pad and the pain was much better Thursday. My stomach is sore but only as much as expected mainly hurts if I try to bend over or when getting up and down from sitting. Biggest isssue at the moment is I have developed an allergic reaction to the surgical glue used on the incisions. I have a rash around each incision and they itch like crazy. I used some adhesive wipes to try and get as much glue off surrounding the incisions and then used Caladryl. I’m eating small snacks every two hours at minimum and haven’t experienced any issues with swallowing or pain. I was on 60mg of Dexilant and still had issues with acid reflux prior to surgery.  I haven’t had any acid meds since Tuesday morning and have had no issues at all with reflux. It’s amazing how quickly it worked and feels great not to have the constant burning sensation. At this point I’m so glad I had this procedure.
Hi, tgal102-Sue D'Nem
Thank you to everyone for posting your stories.  I am scheduled for my Linx and small hernia repair on April 20, 2018.  I had no idea the recovery process is that long and had no idea of the complications involved with the Linx.  It's kind of a scary thing now, it's starting to get real.  My daughter went thru the lap band surgery many years ago so I'm well aware of the changes she had to make of her eating and swallowing.  I only hope that my recovery goes better than some that I've read, no offensive, but I don't want to suffer like some of you have.  After reading some of the horror stories, I just wonder if it is the best thing to do.  Worried....
Just found this forum this morning after doing some last min research on what to expect today!Rick
 
Hey all,
I had this procedure on may 10 2017 after surgery i was not able to drink anything for hours but was still having belching a lot I advice the doctor when he come into release me for the day after the surgery I was still belching he claim it would go away... so today may 23 2017 less then two week after the surgery I email my surgeon and advice him I was still having the same symptoms a week later a lot of belching still is this common to be still experience and am I out of my mind by his reply and he said he was not sure may get better over time since it is so close to the surgery I am little concern if I need to see another doctor to get the proper respond !
So I got a call from my provider Kaiser today and I have to do a swallow test next Tuesday to measure my acid reflex after the surgery. Hated this test you can not swallow for a minute while they force water with a tube down your throat into your mouth then you have to swallow just once and wait for a minute until they force more water into your mouth for three to four minutes not a easy test at all. I also assume Im doing the xray swallowing test to see if my esophagus is working properly too waiting on the call from my provider to schedule that appointment will check in next week wish me luck
this is my fifteenth week the weigh lost is going great meet my goal last week and decided new challenge 10lbs that will take me to 175lbs I just started back lifting weights this week I was more focus on meeting my goal of 185lbs .. I pullout the left over lasagna its was so good made sure I had a side salad with it I was a little worried I would gain weigh back but I just made sure I eat until I got full. The reason why am blogging today I went to the gym and have been drink nothing but water for hours now but am still having belching even with just water which is strange to me that am having this symptoms I know my primary doctor will be surprise by my weigh lost when I see him on sept 5 I also decided I would only post evey other week from now on are just every month I will check in after my visit with my primary next week hope all is doing great with there recovery. Take Care
Due to so much false information on the web, I wanted to share my story. I really think it took longer for me to get on track because of all of the misleading reviews and post sprinkled on forums and product sites. I will say that some of my problems could be stress. To let you know something about
I had Nissen Fundoplication (NF) with hiatal hernia repair in August 2014. In October 2016 my symptoms returned. My story from January 2014 to present...
Hi, I'm wondering if anyone on here has cured or successfully managed their LPR for a long period of time?rebekah
My procedure occurred on Monday 7/24/17.  We are now just 5 days in.  So far, I must say it's been a revelation.  Heartburn has been reduced considerably.  The first 2 days were horrible.  No pain just nothing will stay down and so you vomit each and every time you try to eat.  Trouble with swallowing is an issue but seems to be getting better.  I will continue to update you as the days/weeks pass.Best,
Love that he's calm and reassuring. Bedside manner means so much.Are small bites not forever? You eluded to going back to the way I'm eating now eventually. I didn't think that was even an option. I have no problem working on it for months. I'm 41; I don't want to be working on it for 50 years, if you know what I mean.
Thanks for the info, it’s good news. I’m keeping a positive attitude and feel that going through a few weeks of discomfort is better then a lifetime of meds with an unknown outcome. Thanks again.
Hello to all. first time poster. I am on Day 10 of a fundoplacation, with repair of hiatal hernia. A little about not eating too much because you don't want to stretch the stomach., I get the no cokes. I ccan even understand the 'strained&quot; food diet,. but no chocolate? When do things get good enough that you can eat somewhat normally as long as you pay attention to how much and what you eat? Will that kind of thought be my undoing? And is there  any truth to the &quot;never going to vomit again&quot; thing I've been hearing?Any advice for the fundo I got? thanx in advance. Tim
I agree, go with the barium swallow and/or endoscopy to see what is going on.
Good morning, fellow sufferers, It's been 5 months since I quit my PPI cold turkey (BAD idea!) and I am still suffering horrible rebound acid reflux, burning, and nausea. I feel sick on just aboutopen for any suggestions, I am soooo miserable. Thanks.
I started my own topic because there are so many people with a failed or bad side effects from the Nissen wrap procedure.  There are others who have a hiatal hernia (HH) and are considering the Nissen wrap.  I had another procedure with Dr Farid Gharagozloo in Celebration Florida, which you should consider. If you are able, see him for a consultation.  You can call or email his office with questions (email address in in link).  He is located in Florida and he discharges you to home after surgery.  I do not work for the office nor am I a representative of the office.  The operation was fairly easy to heal from as compared to the Nissen wrap which can take up to a year to heal from.  I want to share my experiences and others with you.
I had the gerd condition for awhile. I take medication for it though it don't really work. I have some back pain in which I don't know the cause though. I was wondering if the gerd condition can cause back pain though. Any advice would be cool. Thanks.
I've read through a lot of the posts and I seem to be having similar, yet sort of opposite, issues as everyone else so I thought I'd make a post of my own and get some of that good reassurance that what I'm experiencing is just fine! Thank you in advance!
Food going slowly down.. no choking... Sometime regurgitation burps. Thick mucas in throat all the time. Like PND. Throat clearing. I have been to ent said might be acid reflux on ppis 20mg per day....I know my uncle had anchesia how ever u spell it..
I suffered from acid reflux for 20 years and took Omeprazole daily.  Still, there were nights when I would wake up choking on my own acid.   When I reached 47, I decided I did not want to deal with it anymore and with an uncle diagnosed with esophageal cancer, I knew I would eventually end up in his shoes.  So I went in to see about
Had my Fundoplication 12 months back and Ive been doing great, burping slightly though and was curious if its normal to feel food going past the wrap it makes food feel though its getting stuck but actually doesnt. If you know what mean a response.would be greatly appreciated.
So, 10 months Nissen Fundoplication Surgery:Mike
My first fundoplication was Any advice or tips you have for me I would very much appreciate.
I am a 37 year old female with a normal weight BMI. I have been on 40 mg Nexium since 5/2017 for GERD and LPR. I started slowly cutting down November 2017. I am currently on 30 mg Nexium and really struggling. I don’t have heartburn or voice issues again, but I have a dull ache between my shoulder blades. It has gotten worse and worse the more I cut down on the Nexium. Sometimes it is almost debillitating and I feel scared of esophagus issues. Sometimes the pain goes up to my neck and down my back. I am currently taking mastic gum between meals, 75 mg ranitidine, chewing DGL licorice, taking digestive enzymes, and drinking aloe vera juice before meals. I am on a probiotic and drinking apple cider vinegar in water twice per day. I have tried dietary changes and have recently given up sugary sweets. I am drinking alkaline water.  the nearly constant dull ache between my shoulder blades or is this a normal part of acid rebound? If it’s normal, I can persevere through the pain and keep cutting down on that horrid PPI. Has anyone else dealt with this? I am considering making an appointment with my PCP, but they always say I should increase my PPI as high as possible. I am tired of drugs. I am only 37 years old. I have tried getting off PPIs once before in 2016 and it worked for awhile, but then I had shooting pain in my back and chest. I got scared at that point and started up again and increased from 20 mg to 40 mg per my PCP’s instructions. I have been on and off Nexium and Omeprazole off and on since 2015. I have had 2 endoscopies. The one in 2015 showed a small hiatal hernia and mild gastritis and the one in 2017 did not show a hernia and looked pretty good. I am grateful for any help.
Hello,
I also have to say that my stay at the hospital has gotten me to loving italian ice. Went ahead and got some a few days ago...Just wish they had a lower sugar version.
I'm brand new to posting so I hope I'm doing it right...so I had a nissen fundoplication surgery last Monday 2/19/18....so far so good...I had surgery because my stomach busted thru and was over my heart for about
I just got an amazing job offer but have to lift 50pounds, what are the risks because I need this job. I called my surgeon and waiting on his approval but my question is. Has anyone else lifted up to 50pounds after 3 months from there surgery. This job is an amazing career my life will be finally complete. Havent found a job since January, please tell me someone has lifted again.
Hello all.
I've had only occasional heartburn in my life, and always from one of three things. 1) Way too much pineapple in one sitting, 2) Drinking fruity (caffeine free) tea for too many days in a row 3) Too much montreal steak seasoning.Should I try and come off protonix, since this all seemed to get worse once I got PPIs involved? See if I can get by on zantac? Should I stay on a probiotic? What the hell should I eat?
Hello,
I had the surgery in 2013 done incorrectly and a vagus nerve cut off inadvertently. I had to have it redone 5 months later and almost died. I now have gastroparesis and dumping syndrome so my blood sugar drops rapidly at times after eating. Worse yet, the second surgery failed too. I was able to eat all foods again (in much smaller amounts because of gastroparesis) after the second surgery, but slowly over time all the foods that caused burning prior to surgery once again were triggering the pain. It got worse and more and more foods that I enjoyed prior to surgery are now triggers including toast bread and warm water!! My diet is so limited in terms of variety and quantity that its affects my quality of life. I found a new GI doctor who told me some of the triggers like toast and warm milk and water are not really triggers for reflux and it was likely NOT reflux.  He suggested I have esophageal hypersensitivity. He started me on low-dose Elavil which is supposed to desensitize the nerves and has been successful for many. It takes weeks or months for the levels to be effective. I started 5 weeks ago and have not yet noticed any improvement but I'm continuing the pills and remain hopeful. I can increase the dose in a few weeks if there is no response. If you are having symptoms after surgery, this may be something to consider. I wish you the best. I totally understand how depressing and frustrating this disorder is.
I woke up this past Tuesday with terrible heartburn and nausea, and I couldn't understand why. It felt like something was stuck in my throat and occasionally my stomach burned when the nausea got bad, but no real pain. The next few days returned to normal, but when I  to eat dinner I lost all my appetite completely. After a while I ended up getting it back and ate an apple and a few crackers, but I felt full. I am 14 and I had symptoms similar to these for a month two years ago. I also ran 10 miles the day before, which was a lot past my limit. Is this heartburn or GERD? Or could it be stomach cancer? I'm really scared and I don't know what to do.
In my 3rd week. Started soft foods a cpl days ago. Reflux and lump sensation in throat. Is this normal? I was weened off Dexilant taking my last one on Wed. Took a zantac last 2 days and it did help symptoms. Have also had lots on STINKY gas ugh, hoping that subsides soon as well. Hope the procedure was'nt a fail.
Hi all..getting nervous about
To second Frycat...I had my Nissen on 3/23. I was able to discontinue my PPIs immediately, but still have one pill a day I take for something else. I skipped it the day of the surgery, but have taken it since with no issues swallowing it. That was one of my big worries.
Here I am, posting again, and hoping for any input anyone can give. this recovery.  I am willing to be patient and wait it out, but am just fearful if there is light at the end of this tunnel. Thanks in advance for reading this and for any replies.  Happy Easter to all.
Hi,  I'm a 62 year old female.   I am now 9 days post-op.   All was going as anticipated until a few days ago, where I started having a sharp pain around my belly button (in the general area).   The pain is very severe and it helps if I press on the area to reduce pain when I walk.    I did 2 loads of laundry that day.I have read many comments and it helps to know others are in the same situation.
Is it normal to still struggle  eating normal serving size of food at seven months? I can eat small amounts of food.. but for instance a serving size of chicken is 4 ounces and a serving size of mash potatoes is a cup and veg. I find it still causes bloating and discomfort..Thanks Tena
I had my fundoplication surgery 2 months ago and did the diet as recommended. I was progressing fast and was told to take it easy on regular food. After the first few week I noticed that food started to get stuck more often and would cause a mucous spit up episode. I did a upper GI X-Ray and everything was normal, but some food still gets stuck and the spit up happens. Any advice on what is happening will be helpful. I feel like I cant eat anything.
Did any of you get rid of Barrett?
Hello Everyone,
Does anyone know if the TIF procedure is available in Eastern Canada? If not what would be the cost to have it done in the US? For me the closest would be in Maine? Also I am hearing that Nexium causes Kidney disease? All the more reason to have a procedure right? Has anyone heard this? I now have kidney disease..I have been taking Nexium for aboutJezra
I come to this forum out of frustration as much as anything.I am wondering if anyone else shares my situation and can suggest any medical route to explore?
Has anyone used CBD oil to help relieve symptoms for issues with the esophagus? I have hypercontractile esophagus which causes chest pain that mimics a heart attack. I have tried the conventional medicines my doctor has prescribed with no improvements and unbearable side effects. I know that CBD oil can relieve a lot of things, but haven't found any information regarding esophagus issues. Any comments would be helpful.
Hey guys I’m posting here because I’ve hit my wits end with this condition. I’ve been battling IBS and gerd for aboutThe shortness of breath is new to me and it has freaked me out. I don’t feel shortness of breath in my chest more in my nasal passages. I can almost fill the acid from my stomach in my throat. I’ve gone to three different doctors and two specialists and they all think I’m crazy. It’s so frustrating. It’s becoming to where my quality of life is being effected. I’m scared and have literally tried everything. Has anyone dealt with the shortness of breath?
Just found out after having symptoms that I didn't put with this for 8yrs or more. Does anyone have any favorite recipes that they would be willing to share. On a very strict restricted meal plan and trying to remain positive. Thank you for any help.   
Hi, 
HI 
I had open surgery. New here
Hello everyoneI have been experiencing some stomach issues recently. They mainly include: burping alot, bloating, lump and tightness in throat which i believe is caused by phlegm, difficulty breathing, dizziness, burning throat, and burning in stomach. I have to constantly clear my throat. Now I have had an endoscopy which came back clear as well as ultrasounds and blood work done. All came back negative. So I remain undiagnosed and am wondering if this is LPR or is it combination of LPR and gerd. I have tried PPIs, antacids, and alot of other things including diet change, but nothing has helped so far. So if you guys can advice me on any diagnostic tests and remedies for this issue that would be great. I have heard baclofen and elavil work well. If anyone has found any help with these medications or any other drugs please do let me know. Does gaviscon advance help with this problem? Does any surgery help with this issue? So, if you guys can pitch in and share any information that might be of help, I would greatly appreciate it. Thanks.
I have been through the ringer.  I had a fundoplication in July 2013 done wrong. I lost 20 pounds and half my hair from malnutrition. I had a redo partial wrap in December 2013 and surgeon found a vagus nerve was cut from first surgery. I recovered after a lengthy ICU stay.  I was eating all the foods I never could prior to surgery, but in smaller amounts.  I now have gastroparesis and dumping with episodes of hypoglycemia from the incompetent first surgeon.  After 9 months, the burning started coming back.  Slowly over 4 years, the trigger foods have increased to the point where I can no longer eat fruits except melons and many other foods including even non acid foods like toast and warm water triggers the burning.  I am seeing a new GI doctor and he explained I likely have esophageal hypersensitivity.  My latest EGD shows zero esophageal inflammation.  I'm waiting for ambulatory pH study results to confirm this (reading expected in 2 weeks).  He started me on Elavil. I started with 10 mg one week ago and adjusted well to the medication.  Does anyone have any experience with this medication in reducing the burning associated with trigger foods?  I am hoping for a miracle so that I can eat some more foods. My diet is so limited and keeps fading.
Hello, I'm new here just looking for some input from other people with this terrible affliction. I've been on PPI's for about
Hello. I'm really quite confused because almost everything I've read online has said that a barium swallow isn't a test for identifying GERD and a definitive diagnosis can't be made based on it?
So I've been suffering from Globus Sensation since October 2017.  I've been semi controlling it by my diet, but occasionally, I just want to eat!!!  Let's share what helps us Please.  I would love to hear from others.
Hello everyone,
I have newly been diagnosed with GERD & silent reflux (affecting pharynx).  I rarely feel acid coming up but went to my GI with the feelings of a lump in my throat that would not go away.  Endoscopy revealed gastritis, one very small ulcer, and inflammation of the gastroesophageal junction. The ENT found mild irritation on the vocal chords/pharnyx (correct?) and suggested I up the Protonix (40 mg) twice a day.  GI agreed today on the dose for 8 weeks.  I go back to GI and ENT in two months for a follow-up.  GI wants ENT to scope again to see if pharnyx has healed.  I tested negative for H.Pylori both with immunohistains and breath test.  Any thoughts or helpful hints?
A question I've asked on here before, and a question I've asked many a Doctor, but I've always got very conflicting answers :/ FYI I've had a few ECGs, an echocardiogram and a heart CT scan which have been normal.
Can anyone tell me how long after a GI cocktail can a person eat. I've been in severe pain for a while.  I was just given the cocktail in the ER before leaving. And for the first time in a while Im hungry.  But im afraid to eat and have pain!????
Hi, Cheers to good health!
Hey all - So, I got a really bad cold virus end of January and I didn't take anything for it, was tested for the flu, negative, strep, negative. A few days went by and the cold symptoms went away, but I had a cough that seemed to last 2-3 weeks then trickled away....however, I continued to have this feeling of post nasal drip in my throat or like something was there, but it wasn't...it wasn't very bad, but noticeable...didn't make me lose sleep or anything at night.What do you all think?
I am scheduled for a hernia repair and nissen procedure on April 18.  Anxiety is setting in as I’m a worrier to begin with. This website has been so helpful in calming my nerves but they are still buzzing in the background. My worry for today is whether I need to have someone with me when I’m home from surgery. My daughter is at school and can’t be home for an extended period of time. My boyfriend lives in my neighborhood and will be at my beck and call but I hate to inconvenience anyone to stay with me full time. I’m pretty independent and in good health otherwise at age 49. Any thoughts?
Hi All,Thank you!
Hello All,  3 years now, but never with bloating and loss of appetite. Any advice will be welcome.
I just had the tif procedure 6 days ago and also had my hiatal hernia repaired along with stretching my throat.  Has anyone had any of this done and if you how was your experience.  I know on Day 6 I am cramping really bad.  I just need advice and will a heating pad help with this.
New here and my surgery is scheduled for 4/16I have been given the pretty much standard Diet information
Are you sure it was the strawberries and not the pancake?  When you find something that doesn't agree with you, you are right, back off and try it a little later.  You are doing the right thing by trying to back to the soups and soft foods for a few days.  Sometimes we tend to advance our diets too quickly, it's definitely trial and error and everyone's recovery is different.Sharon
Hi All, 
Hi All, I'm confused; can anyone help? Thanks!
So I made a dumb mistake. 
Hey folks!I hope to be posting up one of those 'I cured my LPR' posts one day soon.  Thanks for having me.
Hi.  I was a member 10-15 years ago, but can’t remember the stuff necessary to log in..so new name..old me.TIA
Hi All,
Hi all, and many thanks in advance for any help you can provide!  It's deeply appreciated!I guess I am tempted to say I would take the PPI for awhile if it does help, then maybe try using (perhaps non-HCL) enzymes to try to avoid this situation in future, as many menopausal women seem to do?  Here's the thing: I guess I just find it hard to imagine I really have to not have any vinaigrette or a glass of wine once or twice a week etc. for the rest of my life, as the authors of these books blithely imply.  I am a healthy eater, not a consumer of the &quot;typical American diet.&quot;  I look at how people eat in other countries around the world and it just seems crazy that here we are in the US obsessing over cutting out this and that when they just eat a range of decent healthy food (when not corrupted by American tastes).  I feel like there is a piece missing with how all this is explained to us.  Can anyone help out??
I just received my endoscopy pathology report, and have a follow up with GI next month. I am very scared and worried at this point. The results sayI have been taking ppis, omeprazole and protonix, religiously for years, and it seems the gastritis reports have  gotten worse. The metaplacia scares me, because it's a precursor to gastric cancer. Can anyone relate to this, and possibly share any thoughts or experiences with this.
The surgery was to resolve silent GERD and a large hiatal hernia. Because the tear was so large, the wrap could not be done, but the stitching and mesh was used. The surgeon said there was a 50/50 chance of failure. I've been on a liquid diet 5 days and can't stand it. When were you able to bend over normally? They told me to keep taking omeprazole, as well.
Hello, in my country ( France) We can get Sucralfate without prescriptSucralfate really help me with my esophagitis  and i think it will protect me against barret esophagus
I have LPR, the esophageal version of GERD. My ENT just told me to switch from Protonix to Gaviscon Advanced from the UK. When I ordered it from Amazon, I did not realize it containes Aspertame, artificial sweetener. Does anyone know if you can get Gaviscon Advanced without Aspertame?
Hello,My surgeon is on vacation, and it could take a while to hear back from him, so I'm curious what you guys think, and what your surgeons have told you.
Hi all, it.  If the acid has caused a burn down there, of course heat is not a good idea for it.  (Same would go for very hot food, presumably.)  Anyway, I was led to all this when puzzling out why drinking decaffeinated teas and such seemed not to make as much difference as I thought they should.  It was the heat!
Hi, this site is so very helpful!  I am scheduled for surgery May 7th unless something  an hour.  Thank you!
My doctor wanted me to try to stop my GERD medication (dexilant) and try a diet instead (gave me a sheet on what to avoid). And also told me to try over the counter antacids instead. I have been in the worst pain since they made me do this (my back, rib cages, and face hurt when I get an attack). I took 12 tums and it didn’t even put a dent in anything. I cannot eat or drink anything until around 5-6 pm. For some reason if I eat before these times I get sick to my stomach after a couple bites and sips (does not matter what I’m eating). This whole diet thing doesn’t help anything either, the things on the list that says what I should eat still make me have acid. Any diet tips would be appreciatedDiagnosed at 7, in the gray area between crohns and UC. Surgery on Jan 27, 2018 #nocolonstillrollin
Hi people.Help please!!
I had nissen surgery in August, 2017 and things were going well after surgery.I do not have heartburn anymore...which is great!.But i have noticed that my throat  has never really improved much,the lump in the throat feeling still exist,although the burning sensation that used to be there is gone, i do feel that it has not really improved, in fact it has gotten worse!..I used to smoke which i stopped after the surgery,i used to drink which i also now stopped.Of late my mouth is very, sour, and dry, and this is really worrying me.I feel like i have not brushed my teeth for a long time even though am brushing every few hours now.I went to my Dentist and he asked me if i suffer from acid re flux. First time he asked me so,...which makes me believe he has seen a change in my mouth.Am very very worried!..I feel like this disease might take away my life.Am right now suffering so much anxiety, i got a very nice girl that i engaged last year and who is pregnant but my sex life has also been affected in a big way, because am always thinking about this disease that doesn't want to leave me alone.Am very frustrated!...Please anyone out there who has experienced similar symptoms share your advise!..Thank you all in advance
I have had this going on 9 weeks, no pain just can't talk worth a flip, any ideas to get rid of this?
Hello everyone.Am one of those GERD/silent reflux victims.I have had a nissen surgery but i still experience dry mouth, that feels sour and acidic and i am very very worried.Please tell me how long you've had your GERD, or silent reflux.Am a 35 yr old male.
Hello again everyone,Since my last post things have gotten worse. I stopped eating solid and went to soft food now I can't eat even those foods. I tried to eat yogurt and applesauce, but they both came back up. I literally throw up everything, I thought this surgery was supposed to prevent that. If I'm not throwing up, then I have gas it feels like there is a huge gas bubble stuck in my throat. I am truly regretting getting this surgery, it has caused me nothing but heartache. I am 3 months a 5 days post op, I have taken gas x extra strength and ultra. Any advice would be very helpful.
I will be having my wrap done April 17th...so in two days. Angel
I've just been put on Sucralfate 1 GM tablets (4 X daily). Those of you on this med already know about beverages' effects on the med. Is it ok to drink sweet tea near the time I take Sucralfate? Please, somebody tell me it's ok!! Thanks for your feedback! -- T.
Hello. I had the Nissen and small hernia repair in July 17.  I felt pretty good for 2 months. Then I started having a lot of adominal pain after eating and nausea. I lost more weight and couldn’t each much without severe pain. Nothing seemed to relieve it. I went to several GI doctors and had a lot of blood work and some have tried several IBS medications. Nothing helped or was discovered. I finally had a HIDA scan done and my gallbladder wasn’t functioning. I had it removed in February and I did have some stones as well, but I’m not much better. I saw my surgeon today and he wants to do Upper GI and scope. He also ordered a lot of blood work. Will the test he ordered determine if the wrap has slipped or failed?  I’m really quite tired of testing and doctors. I’m frustrated that I can’t figure this out. I feel like the wrap is still working for the most part. I can burp a little bit. The pain I have now is different than before the Nissen. It’s  hard to desceibe and is inconsistent. It’s not every time I eat and I can’t find anything the brings it on or realieves it.
Hello to all with a special note to DonnaMarie and Emmons.  Forgive me if this post is a repeat.  I am not too good at navigating the forum. Tried to post earlier but it did not seem to go through, so am trying again.  DonnaMarie and Emmons, I read your recent posts and am sorry that you are still dealing with some problems. I send good wishes to you and to others.  Will post an update on myself now:open surgery are the reasons I still have symptoms and that with more time and healing that these will ease.  At this point, I am just being thankful that I got through such a major surgery and am almost back to where I started.  I feel like I lost a good six months of my life recovering from surgery only to be still stuck with the symptoms I started out with, but I hold to hope that maybe more time and healing will still bring improvement.I am sorry this is long and that I have rambled.  Just wanted to send this upate to others who may  have similar situations and to send good wishes to everyone.  Again, sorry if all of this is a repeat.  Best wishes to each of you and God bless.   ByHisGrace
They thought my eleven year old grandson had tonsil trouble but when they examined him they said it was probably GERD.  They sent a scope down his nose and found a sore spot on his esophagus where the acid had irritated him.  I am trusting they know what they are doing and have not missed something.  So, do you have an experience with kids and GERD?  Thanks.
Hi my name is sunshine I want to start a change for a procedure called Nissan fundoplication. 
Anybody else get this and how do you deal with it? Burning starts in chest and slowly radiates to upper back. Seems like my meds are not even touching this and am at my wits end thinking something is wrong with my heart. Thanks in advance.
By heart palpitations, I mean the feeling my heart is either beating far too hard, or occasionally skipping beats.One Doctor has told me this is perfectly possible, another has told me it's impossible, so confused!
I had a Davinci giant PEH repair 6 weeks ago. I had a partial wrap and mesh. My stomach was completely through my diaphragm and on my left collar bone. No GERD, or acid problems. Went to the ER with upper abdomen pain. 3 years ago I had an endoscopy to look for causes of my severe anemia. Supposedly, the endoscopy showed nothing significant. In the ER 6 weeks ago, a parade of doctors came in to describe my CT scan. I asked them to stop saying “big” again. They all agreed, I had had the hernia for years and years, that an endoscopy would show it, and that a hiatal hernia can definitely cause iron difficult to anemia. I am recovering pretty well from the surgery. Very tired, but back at work for 2 weeks now. Anyone have anemia caused by a hiatal hernia. When the hernia was repaired, did the anemia go away. I have been on Feraheme infusions for three years because nothing else worked. It has been miserable. Even my GP questioned how they could have missed the hernia when I was in the hospital for 6 days three years ago while they tested me for every possible cause of the anemia. RBC was 5. My stomach and eating are so messed up now. I can’t tell the difference between hunger, or feeling sick, or just wanting to go to sleep. The Feraheme and iron supplements made me nauseous, I think my stomach being up on my chest shut down my hunger sensors to keep me from eating, now I am just confused. I actually liked the full liquid diet. Eat whatever was on the list I wanted and aim for 1200 calories. Anyone have the anemia connection to a Nissan repair? Thanks
Hi friends! Hoping to get some opinions..Any thoughts or similar experiences?
I recently had a Upper GI due to stomach pain and nausea after the Nissen I had in July.  I had my Gallbladder out in February and symptoms only slightly improved.  I got the results today and was wondering if anyone had heard of this:Smooth narrowing in the distal esophagus secondary to the Nissen.  Pylorospasm with delayed emptying from stomach.
I am a 58 yo female suffering from extreme GERD since my 30’s.  I have finally decided to move forward with a robot assisted Laporascopic Nissen Fundoplication as the PPI’s are no longer controlling my symptoms.  I have Barrett’s Esophagus with dysplasia.  My GI doc has encouraged me to see a surgeon for the past 10 years.  The constant vomiting at night, coughing and hoarseness have finally gotten the best of me.  I am a nurse and work in ASC administration.  I probably know too much, but I am scared.  My surgery is scheduled for May 16th at MUSC in Charleston, SC.  I have read many posts on this forum.  Please send me any advice and I will let you know how it goes.
Had a redo from a 10 year old Dor Fundoplication on 4/26. Surgeon did a Toupet Fundoplication with hiatal hernia repair. I also have Achalasia. Sent home on liquid diet for two weeks then gradually introduce soft diet. I’m freaking out because my cream of mushroom soup was not purée enough. Is this cause for concern? Also what recommendations for liquid diet that’s not all sweet yogurts & protein drinks? Thanks in advance.
Well after many months of trips to a and e (U.K.) scowering the Internet and many many attacks I have stumbled upon forrums and would respect anybody's help. I suffer with a 5cm sliding hyatis hernia and espohagus spsams on a mostly daily basis. I have been prescribed most antacids to help with the discomfort and pains all tk which are no avail and in General make me worse with other side affects such as anxiety/panic attacks. Currently I am on natural peppermint oil tablets which sort of help but the discomfort is still there. I would appreciate any input from anybody as to what they take and how they cope with this on a daily basis as most days I wel like I'm on the way out with a heart attack even though iv probably been checked over ten plus times for cardio related problems to which all have come back clear. Many thanks in advance to any input anybody out there has
Hi,Thanks
Hi there! I was diagnosed a few months ago with a Hiatal Hernia, and I have a few questions I want some help with. First some background. I have suffered with heartburn symptoms for years now. In January, I went to a gastro doctor, who promptly performed an endoscopy on me, and I was diagnosed with a hiatal hernia. Other then heartburn, I have had no symptoms, or so I thought. For the past several months, dating back before the initial diagnosis, I've felt this occasional odd feeling in my chest. Its hard to describe, but I shall do my best. It rarely hurts, and when it does, its a mere twinge or pinch. Sometimes, especially when I cough deeply, it feels like a little spasm. Mostly, it just feels like something is there. Like someone is rubbing their fingers gently against the area.  I didnt pay it much mind, but its just persistent enough that I think i should get it looked at. However, after recent thought, I put 2+2 together, and realized its probably just the hernia. I didnt mention it with my doctor prior to my endoscopy because it simply wasn't a big enough deal at the time to even mention. Recently, I put 2+2 together and realized im probably feeling the hernia. I even looked at an anatomy diagram, and sure enough, the feeling is right where the esophageal sphincter is located. BUT, Im not a doctor and I cannot say for sure. I have to wait two weeks to see my doctor, and Im actually getting a bit nervous. Does anyone else here had similar symptoms as I have had? Im just worried, or even say paranoid, that its something really severe.
Hi, folks.
I used to be active on this board years ago but I stopped because I became hopeless and finding anything to help me with my gerd and constant stomach ulcers. I've been on just aboutI guess I just wanted to know if anyone has ever felt like they will never be able to completely heal their stomach lining and go back to a normal life. Has anyone ever found a solution that's permanent?
So I had the surgery the 15th december. I do construction and am always thirsty now. Why do they say sip and only to have 250ml  every 2 hours. I may have over did it a few times and am paying now. My ph test is in October to see. But I do get a sour/sweet taste some morning and pains. I tend to eat a little faster but small meals (granola bars and puree bottled foods) just wondering if eating quick and drinking quick cn break it? I was going to ask my surgeon soon.Anyone get a sweet taste sometimes? Iknow if I need the surgery again I am going to wait a year or 2 to get it redone though.
I am new to this forum and to this health challenge. Retired in Mexico.  Gathering my test results and heading back to US for full consult. US Doc attempting to find Surgeons in Texas. 
Many here are limited in diet, to that of liquids and/or pureed foods.  This may be due to a surgical procedure months long recovery), or one that is ongoing.
Hello all! I first discovered this site when preparing for my lap Nissen in 2009, and am glad to find it still here now that I have more questions! Thanks in advance for reading.Thank you so much for any thoughts or speculations!
Hi,Swaroop
I've been diagnosed with erosive bulbitis (the mucosa of my duodenal bulb is eroded). I have been on Omeprazole for 6 weeks now, I watch my diet and have started taking DGL as well 3 weeks ago. I'm better now than 6 weeks ago, but symptoms haven't subsided completely. I still feel full after eating a potato and cottage cheese (least triggering for me). There is still a dull &quot;pinch&quot; feeling whenever I'm hungry or after a meal, that radiates to the back. How long until this goes away? Thank you
Hello,Thanks
Has anyone else been put on 4 ppis a day to try and control stomach acid. My ph test showed very little reflux but that the double dose of ppis I was taking was not controlling acid. The GI still could not say what my problem is but that I had poor acid control on the meds I was on. Has anyone been on this high a dose. Very confused , suffering burning pain esophagus to mouth every day. Any insight would be so appreciated
ANYWHERE IN THE US:
Hello, haven't posted in a while... I want to know if anyone has had this issue I am 9 months post op. and am still having trouble eating, I still have to eat small amounts of food.. I must have ate to much last nite and had a gas/bloat right at bed time... wasn't a good nite... I have not been able to pick up weight either..      Tena
I Had paraesophagela hiatal hernia and Nissen Fundoplication Toupet 270 Wrap Done on April 25,2018. It had been 15 days since my surgery. I’m doing well and have follow up appt with my surgeon today. For some reason the lower left incision under the rib cage is still sore just turning or laying. Was was wondering if any one else has this issue?
Hi,I’m a new member on healing well. I had a Nissen Fundoplication to repair my hiatal hernia which was the size of a soccer ball in September 2017. Since my surgery I have suffered from constant, debilitating nausea, heartburn and am extremely iron deficient with a ferritin level of 8. I have had 4 IV Iron infusions and am working closely with my Hematologist. Has anyone else who had the surgery have this awful nausea and fatigue? Please help!
::Back in March I took a pill and it got stuck in my throat. I literally felt it drop and stop. Didn't choke or anything... just started panicking and drinking as much water, bread, banana, ect in order to push it down. It was like a week that I felt it was still there. I couldn't get an appt with my doctor but had asked thru email for advice. He told me to wait a week and see if I end up feeling better. . . a couple days after due to weather change I got a fever, cough,and a cold. Due to the constant coughing and stuffy nose I felt my throat was a little irritated and towards the end I was waking up with mucus in my throat and had to cough it out. *Sorry guys.   I'm a little confused because I was fine before the pill incident. Am I able to smoke? May I eat spicy/ have lime somettimmeesss after this or no more? It's very hard to eat because according to the internet literally everything is bad. I'm kinda getting depressed. It's been 5 days since I've taken the pills and I feel a little irritated from the throat still but idk..... I'm so clueless.....
Hi,Has anyone had any experience with this? She refuses to eat or move much (she already dropped 12 kg). Thanks!
Yes you read that right. I hope I have GERD or a Hiatal Hernia. It would be a welcomed diagnosis rather than continue my suffering thinking it's severe sleep apnea (I have a CPAP) or bad heart. Let me tell you about
Hi guys, how much its going to change my life. If you can't throw up what happens when you get nasuated and all that fun stuff?!
Hi, love this forum, hoping someone can help me.Thank you so much!!!
Was diagnosed with esophagitis, gastritis, bile reflux and duodenitis via endoscopy beginning of April. I had my gallbladder removed in 2013 and still do experience pains in my right side where it used to be.
Hi,Peter
I have just had my robotic assisted LPR surgery on the 8th of may. first 2 days after felt like I was doing so much better besides pain from surgery sites. Staying on the soft diet every hour was not bad, just a tablespoon of something every hour just to keep the linx device operating so as not to allow scar tissue to form and cause more problems later. 
I did get barium swallow results and it didn't sound TOO tragic.smooth
Hi, folks.smooth
Hi everyone, I desperately need some advice. Had gallbladder out in Nov 2016 and since then I have been fine I was able to stop taking Prilosec because of GERD. Recently I started with this terrible burning in the right upper quadrant radiating to my back. Just like I used to get with my gallbladder. Doctor prescribed protonix 40 mg x2 a day. After a week it was still causing some pain so the Dr. added carafate to take with meals 3or 4 Times a day as needed. Before the carafate I was taking the protonix 30 min before eating breakfast and then my regular meds. But now with the carafate I was feeling really overwhelmed on how to fit it in my schedule so that I would get full benefit. So I started taking it 1 hour before lunch and at bedtime so it wouldn’t interfere with my meds in the morning. The pills were to big to swallow so I cut them in half and put some water to dissolve and then I took it. After about 30min I started with the burning. So I continued the next day and the same thing happened. So I got really frustrated because I don’t want this to get worse. Has this happened to anyone? Is this something to expect ? Or am I doing something wrong.How can you manage to take the carafate 4 Times or at least three times and still take the protonix and my blood pressure medicine .  i Greatly would appreciate any advice on how ito take this . I am ready to just stop taking the carafate but I thought I would ask Incase someone had the same experience and could offer a better solution. Thanks I really appreciate it.
Sharon,smooth
I went to the GI doctor and had an endoscopy done. My esophagus is burned from stomach acid and I have a 4 cm Hiatal hernia. When I take omeprazole, pantoprazole etc, the pain between my shoulder blades gets worse.Has anyone had this type of treatment? any suggestions?
Diagnosed with silent reflux.. had the camera in my nose and down my throat yesterday.. I’ve been having a hard time swallowing for over 2 years.. one doctor says it’s allergies and the ENT said nothing about allergies but said it’s silent reflux. I feel like there’s always something in my throat and like food gets stuck. Anyone with reflux have this? What is your treatment? I was given Prilosec 40ng.. which I have been off & on for years.. except the 20mg version of it. I’m 12 weeks pregnant so you could imagine how bad I want to eat good food and not just soft foods. They both said there’s a bit of post nasal drip though.. maybe that’s what I feel is “stuck”? Any advice would be great. & if put on meds how long until you got better? Thanks in advance!
Since i was diagnosed with acid reflux i have started with anxiety but its heart anxiety. I am constantly worried i'm going to have a heart attack. Has anyone else experienced this?
Hi everyone,Thank you for any advice
I have had flatulence and alternating diarrhea and constipation. I feel the feeling that I have to go to the bathroom but I don't have to go. Is all this normal?
Hello,
Fortunately I remembered my user name and PW.  It's been several years since I posted anything.  Been going through many changes but still having GERD issues.  That hasn't changed!  I have a EGD scheduled for Wednesday.  Not looking forward to it.  I think I have LPR also.  Annie
Hello all.  I haven't posted in a long time but thought I give it a try and see if anyone has had the symptoms I have had.&quot;And in time ...this to shall pass
Hello All,I need something to raise the head of the bed 4-6&quot;.  I bought it without considering my GERD and now it's back with a burning vengeance! I've hears that wedges are not great.  Thanks.
Hello,
I am having a lot of problems with sever IBS; stomach bloating, vomiting after meals, sever herd.I just did a capsule endoscopy and the results showed a mucosal bulge of unclear clinical significance inth distal/terminal ileum  It says I should have a ballon enteroscopy lower approach done.
Hi everyone, GERD sufferers having problems with their voice and throat after waking up.  Anyone else experiencing this? Is this a sign that my throat and voice problems are not caused by GERD after all?
Has anyone out there tried the Reza Band for LPR symptoms?
Has anyone tried using a Reza Band to relieve all the nasty symptoms of LPR? I finally bought one and I think it's helping but not as much as I'd hoped. I'd love to hear from anyone who is currently using one.
I am a classical baritone (singer). So glad to meet all of you wonderful souls and I wish optimal health for each of you. Trying to solve a health crisis is no way to spend one’s precious time!I just want to sing again, I want to share the art I love most. God bless all of you kind hearts, may you soon find infinite vitality and flourish as you are meant to!
Hiya,Cheers
Hi all,Thank you
Folks,
Hello, 
HiThis is all a bit new and scary for me. It doesn't seem to matter if I eat or not. Has anyone had similar symptoms or have any suggestions. I would appreciate your thoughts.
hello together, first a big compliment to this community.Dony
GERD and LPR symptoms started a few days after I had my wisdom tooth extracted last January. Took Amoxicillin 500 3x/day for 5 days. I began to notice excess saliva and difficulty swallowing after the antibiotic course. A few weeks later it progressed to severe heartburn every day. On the second month I developed a sore throat on 1 side and asthma symptoms.
Hi, I have Scleroderma  and have recently started having acid reflux .  My nephrologist has advised against PPIs as I had kidney failure in pregnancy.Thanks  in advance for any replies .
This happened to me and it has been 5 months with no improvement.Please tell me that this isn't permanent.
Hii all..I'm 9weeks post nissen..I have lost weight and get tired easily..as I am still experiencing GERD Im on PPIs too..I'm not getting enough nutrients..what r the supplements to be taken while on ppis??
Hi. As many of you already know by now, there is another reflux defence mechanism, many times overlooked, and it can only be confirmed on manometry. Large peristalsis defects were found on test. It is a disease of vagus nerve. All my symptoms came after a viral infection. Most debilitating is constant shortness of breath. I also have sinusitis, sore throat and inflammed uvula. I am very discouraged by this condition since there seems to be no effective cure. All prokinetics that would stimulate esophageal contractions have risky side effects. I dont know what to do. Living with gasping for air is miserable. Has anyone found a miracle or safe prokinetic that can be taken for longer time? My distale contractile integrale is only 32. Normal is 500-5000? I think of feeding tube even. Would that exclude function of my poor esophagus? I hope they discover some esophageal pace maker in future.. Thanks for your input.
How do you know if the Dysphagia is from gerd/Silent Reflux or allergies? I always feel so much mucus in my throat and it feels like food is stuck in my throat when eating.. and after feels like it won’t go down. Anyone feel these two relate and work together to cause swallowing issues? I’m desperate it’s been over 2 years of this and I’m pregnant, starving and JUST want to eat!! ):
Hi all,Ben
Hi everyone,Mario
Hi all..Rooby
Hi, My main reason for having surgery was severe silent GERD which caused the acid to come back into my esophagus and bronchial tubes and flare up my asthma, so I was constantly coughing and aspirating and I had asthma attacks just aboutWendy
I never thought I'd join one of these forums but I'm getting desperate.  In November of last year, I started have trouble breathing and burning in my chest.  To make a long story short, I was finally diagnosed with GERD in December and put on medication.  Since that time, I have tried many different things including changing my diet (cut out caffeine, acid foods, gluten, dairy and other crazy items).  I've tried multiple medications (omeprazole, rabeprazole and famotid). I've even switched to a new birth control method. Nothing seems to make a difference.  I recently had an endoscopy and a biopsy which came back totally normal and no signs of inflammation or reflux.  I know I should be happy with this but the reality is that it doesn't get me any closer to finding the cause.I'm also looking for any ideas that maybe we haven't tried.  If this new theory doesn't work then my doctor will refer me to another GI specialist for a second option.  I've seen several doctors already and tried lots of tactics.  I would welcome any other ideas or suggestions.  I have symptoms EVERY SINGLE DAY and I need to get back to normal.  I have a 18 month old daughter and my husband and I want to have #2 but I need to be well first.  I need to get well for family and for me.  Thank you for your thoughts and suggestions!
What does stomach pain feel like to you? I have been getting a achy stomach pain upper stomach just below my rib cage both sides. It's more constant but worse with carbs and greasy food. Just curious what everyone else feels like?
Got out of surgery  1pm yesterday. Woke up in severe pain and was given zofran and morphine 2mg. I have crepitus all across my chest and face. It feels like I have rice crispies under my skin and crackles when I apply pressure. My chest feels so heavy and I hurt everywhere. I can barely stand up to go to the bathroom. I'm now on a 4mg morphine drip and it just barely takes the pain away and wears off after just 3 hours. Did you guys have this kind of pain?. I'm going to get discharged today and I'm scared. The nurses said they've never seen crepitus so bad in a face before but surgeon said it's fine and will go away. Please give me some advice or encouragement guys. No family here to cry to so here I am
Hi,Any ideas or suggestions would be greatly appreciated.
Hello, Thanks Guys!
Hi guys! 4-5 seconds of flailing around trying to escape. next thing I know I'm waking up in recovery!
Since last week I've been experiencing some pretty strange sensations coming from my chest. It first started after eating breakfast. My heart would feel like it was skipping a beat or fluttering in my chest, at first I thought it was my anxiety and I was just imagining it until a few days ago my heart was skipping a beat every minute. Even maybe 3 times in a row! 
Can GERD cause your heart to skip a beat or flutter? After I eat a meal my heart skips a beat maybe 4 or 5 times in a row and only stops after take gaviscon - no pain just feel very fluttery and irregular. I constantly have to clear my throat after meals too. I'll be going to the doctors on Monday as the chest sensations feel very weird. Just thought I'd ask if someone has felt this too!
I have GERD and have been on Prilosec since Feb. They also think I have Crohn's disease. Right now I am having terrible chest pain and I feel like a balloon that needs to be popped. I rarely feel acid reflux mostly just chest pain. I visited with my GI specialist today. He said that chest pain and acid reflux are one in the same. Just different people feel it differently. The Prilosec has take the edge off but it hasn't fixed the problem. Now my insurance won't cover the Prilosec anymore and I'm taking Zantac. It is doing nothing for me. Does anyone else get chest pain? And if so what are you taking for it?
Bridget, thank you for your comments. It confirms that I'm on the right path. I've been wearing an event monitor for a month and I'm seeing a surgeon concerning an endoscopy next week. I took Aciphex for three weeks without relief. I've been taking Nexium for 10 days and have had better results with that although still have&nbsp;some chest and stomach pain. Have you tried Nexium? Have you tried all the recommendations for GERDs such as raising the head of your bed, eating less and more often, avoiding certain foods, etc.? The amount of food I eat really determines how bad I'll feel.
Pansy,

I heard that the Prilosec that is sold over the counter is not as strong as the prescription. So actually it ends up being twice as much  for someone who is on 40mg a day like myself. But I didn't know that Prevecid was over the counter. Is it as strong as the prescription. None the less if it brings relief then it's worth the money. And I live very close to Mexico. I'm in Arizona. Do they sell Previcid in Mexico too?

OMG, washin pills down with wine!  That's funny but I can just imagine what it would do to me!  They'd have to pick me up off the floor for sure.  But then it doesn't take much wine or any alcoholic drinks to put me down on the floor.  Never did have much tolerance for it.  
Hey Patoola...........know what your sayin'.&nbsp; I'm a two-drink and done person.&nbsp; I remember I didn't have anything in my purse for him to take, but one daughter did...just Zantac, I think.&nbsp; Nothing big.&nbsp;&nbsp;I was trying so hard not to be a "Mom".&nbsp; That didn't work because my eyes got big and I said (gently)...."I don't think your suppose to do that!!"&nbsp;&nbsp; And, to my daugher.."does he always do this".&nbsp; She&nbsp;laughed and said,&nbsp; "hey,&nbsp;Mom, I can't stop him".
I take Prevacid every day in the morning and I love it. I don't know how much it costs. I don't have insurance, so I've been on free samples from my doc for 3 months. 
Hi Stephanie and All........have to agree with you.&nbsp; Preavcid would be my choice if I was healing some fissures. It seems to coat everything.&nbsp;&nbsp; I still can't tell if it's the hernia, GERD or FMS/CMPS most of the time.&nbsp; Not the pain.&nbsp; I have gotten lucky with my doctor (he knows I don't have insurance) and he kept me in&nbsp;Prev. I'm on the other because that's what he had.&nbsp; No problem.&nbsp; Wouldn't you know they would reduce the dosage amount.&nbsp; Why not, I haven't checked OTC Claritin either.&nbsp; I'm not big on soda..that's a plus..I'm a coffee drinker....minus.&nbsp; The soda I let set open and drink it the next day or the next day after that.&nbsp; If I'm really sick...I sip it warm.&nbsp;I don't recall soda being a problem for me until lately.&nbsp; I'll still go to something like powerade.&nbsp; I wondered about the drug thing, but I don't live near a border (except to bootleg) so thought people must do it all the time.&nbsp; If it's OTC, would it still be illegal?&nbsp; Some drugs would spook me if they were genertic. Not sure why.&nbsp; I would like to think there is some quality control out there.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you take Prevacid at night....take it earlier so your upright for an hour.&nbsp; I used it to&nbsp;help me go to&nbsp;sleep since it peaks about the time I'm needing to drop off.&nbsp;&nbsp;Anything I do is subject to change according to whatever disorder is spiking at the time.&nbsp;&nbsp; What if you order drugs from another country.&nbsp; I'm not, but it's out there?&nbsp; 
If it's OTC in the US, then it's ok to bring them back (like Tylenol). As far as ordering them from another country, a lot of people order from Canada because it's so much cheaper. But you have to send them your prescription. You can't just order anything. You have to have a rx for it.
Thanks Stephanie...I thought the states ordered from Canada.&nbsp; I don't have insurance so I look at ads or other resources sometimes.&nbsp; So far my doctor tries to help me by giving me samples.&nbsp;
Hey Patoola....I'm sure a lot of people do it.&nbsp; It's a shame to have to be forced to bring things across a border that's illegal, but I have no doubt it happens all day long.&nbsp; What would be new about smuggling from there?&nbsp; Not much.&nbsp; I feel bad for the seniors and average people who have to have heart meds, diabetes supplies..on and on.&nbsp;&nbsp; Gotta do what you gotta do in some cases.&nbsp; Let alone small children needing expensive meds.
Yes, I know what ya mean about doing what we have to do!  Just ashamed we are forced to do it.  I'm also paranoid cause if anyone got caught it would be me with my luck!  Ha  But if it comes to that I will join right in with the others probably.  Some of my meds are ones I have to have or suffer terribly and run up ER bills!  :(  Oh my, thats so horrible about diluting med for cancer patients!  I hope they punished everyone involved severly!  Probably just got a slap on the hands and a fine that they will be able to pay by raising costs more!  
Hey Patoola.....I'm going back out to enjoy the lovely winds and leaves blowing around today. Sneeze!!!&nbsp;&nbsp; No...they got thrown in jail.&nbsp; If the main guy doing it survives the prison system, he'll be lucky.&nbsp; White collar crimes aren't tolerated well.&nbsp; I'm close to a couple of max security prisions...maybe three.&nbsp; There not in my backyard, but close enough.....I'm used to them.&nbsp; He was&nbsp;this nice looking, older type that lived in a high dollar area.&nbsp;&nbsp;Can you be that $$$ hungry!!&nbsp;&nbsp;Guess so.....&nbsp;
Who here is on or has taken carafate??&nbsp; Is this something that should take effect immediately or does it take some time to notice a difference in symptoms?&nbsp; 


Hi Nancy,-Jason
I took carafate with reglan together. Carafate worked for a short term maybe 6 weeks, but I was still acidic in the long run.
Hi Nancy,My reflux has also diminished greatly--I think this is because Carafate helps to bind the bile, which was the main cause of my reflux.  My doctor also thinks that healing the gastritis will help to restore the pyloric valve to normal function...
Is this drug available OTC?
My question is, how long does gastritis take to heal?  I've read conflicting reports about-Jason
The doctor says that it typically takes 2-3 months for the healing process to occur.  He classified my gastritis as chronic.  Ok, I've read that most people who have chronic gastritis don't have any symptoms.  I imagine I had this for a long time, and only found out about-Jason
Hi!&nbsp; 


I just came across this site while trying to find information on Carafate (re: how long it takes to work).  I noticed that the most recent posts are in 2006, but thought maybe someone else, like myself, may come across it in the not-too-distant future.  Anyway, I was put on Carafate just about a week ago.  I have been taking Prevacid for two years now.  I was on Pepcid for a year prior to that and in between was placed on Protonix which didn't work.  I haven't experienced any real relief from my gastritis symptoms.  As a matter of fact my second day on Carafate (liquid form) I had such pain in my stomach and intestinal area that I almost called my husband at work and ask him to come home and take me to the hospital.  I was instructed to take it 4x a day... before each meal and at bedtime.... which means I am taking it every 3-4 hours a day.
marette, I too have IBS, and it sounds like I may have experienced some of the same symptoms as you.  Even with taking the Prevacid twice daily I was still experiencing the reflux, heartburn and a pain in my abdomen just at the v of my ribcage. I have had an ultrasound for gall stones, as well as a HIDA scan and just recently had an EGD... nothing other than gastritis, GERD and dysphagia was found.  :(  After two weeks of continued symptoms and an evening of abdominal pain, nausea and vomitting, I called my doctor's office again and this is when they prescribed the Carafate.  I really haven't noticed much of a difference and am getting quite discouraged.  :(
So, this past friday I went for an endoscopy.&nbsp; I was so tense and scared they had to give me so much medication to try and calm me down.&nbsp; I don't remember anything from the experience except that tehy couldn't get the camera down my throat, apperently because I couldn't swallow I was so tense, even after the medicaitons.&nbsp; SO now I have to go again, but this time they are gonna put me out so I'm asleep.&nbsp; Any words to help calm me down??&nbsp; I'm still nervous and this was the most uncomfortable experience I have ever been through in 14 years.&nbsp; 
Hi SD1979....I'm sorry you had this experienced.&nbsp; Maybe your doctor was new for you.&nbsp; I ask for what I need during this type of procedure.&nbsp; I have a friend who walks in..sprays her throat and gets checked.&nbsp; Now..I'm not going that way.&nbsp; High anxiety level and fast gag reflect.&nbsp; I've only had this done once in life and I told them I didn't want to remember any of it.&nbsp; We did both&nbsp;ends.&nbsp; Just going through the medicine&nbsp;ritual the day before does it for me.&nbsp; I've had&nbsp;many x-rays over the years, but this was a piece of cake. &nbsp;I slept (6) hours.&nbsp; They had to shake me awake.&nbsp; I'm not sure what they used,&nbsp;but I felt great.&nbsp; It was the last time I remember not hurting for almost 24 hours.
I have had a number of gastroscopy procedures done. Twice while awake and many others with a general anethetic (Varsed). Like you found out the first two were unpleasent. With the general anethetic one there was no problem and certainlly nothing to be afraid of.

 
 
ok....for a while i have had this thick spit filmy stuff in the back of my throat!! i have the desire to spit constantly and it is really annoying.-sarah xo
finally gave in and had an endoscopy done.  digestive system suggested as cause of angina-like pain i've been having. study showed i have a small  hiatal hernia plus some acid reflux damage. question is that i don't get heartburn, no matter what i eat. just get some shortness of breath, but that too could be from other problems. so what's next? do i give up everything i like or just keep eating?
hi there.&lt;3 sarah xo
Try sour kraut. A month ago I stumbled on a book on vegetables. In one of the chapters I read about sour kraut ( fermented cabbage ) and its beneficial effects on intestines. I ate one 1liter jar of it per day before meals for 10 days. I don't want to say that this therapy made away with my problems completely but one thing is sure: I don't have burning throat and bloating, belching and burning in my stomach subsided considerably. Make your sour kraut yourself from organic cabbages in the following way: 1. chop your cabbages 2. put the mass you obtain in a large enameled container in a few layers adding some salt to each layer and pressing until the chunks of cabbage give out juice (you should use 1/10 kg of salt for a 12 liter container). 3. Put some wooden plate and weight on top so the stuff stays compressed. 4. Cover with some mesh made of cotton and leave to ferment for about 2 weeks in a worm ( 10-18 degrees Celsius) place where the stink of gases won't bother you. After 2 weeks your sour kraut is ready. Take off the mould that often occurs on the surface. Don't get rid of the juice. Drink it with your sour kraut. This recipe worked for me. There is another one on http://www.happyherbalist.com/sour_kaut.htm. If you live in Chicago go to a Polish deli and ask them about sour kraut made with traditional methods. They should have it in barrels with a lot of juice. I don't know what is the value of sour kraut available in food chainstores ( I did't go for it because of additives used in mass produced food) After drinking the juice or eating a lot of sour kraut don't go away from home as it is almost sure you'll get short lasting diarrhea (start the teraphy on the weekend). Try the above recipe. It won't hurt you. Stop eating foods containing sugar. Give up coffee, coke and fatty foods for a while. Good luck.
This sounds&nbsp;very much like the slimming world diet carbs one day proteins another is it the same????
saw a nutritionist yesterday to get advice on controlling my high cholesterol and acid reflux. between the two, it would appear i can eat nothing, especially everything i like. i have no noticeable symptoms from the gerd, so how does one decide what bothers the gut or not? she also advised me to eat about 5 small meals, making life even more confusing. are there any good books out on gerd?
hi.&lt;3 sarah ox
Try sour kraut. A month ago I stumbled on a book on vegetables. In one of the chapters I read about sour kraut ( fermented cabbage ) and its beneficial effects on intestines. I ate one 1liter jar of it per day before meals for 10 days. I don't want to say that this therapy made away with my problems completely but one thing is sure: I don't have burning throat and bloating, belching and burning in my stomach subsided considerably. Make your sour kraut yourself from organic cabbages in the following way: 1. chop your cabbages 2. put the mass you obtain in a large enameled container in a few layers adding some salt to each layer and pressing until the chunks of cabbage give out juice (you should use 1/10 kg of salt for a 12 liter container). 3. Put some wooden plate and weight on top so the stuff stays compressed. 4. Cover with some mesh made of cotton and leave to ferment for about 2 weeks in a worm ( 10-18 degrees Celsius) place where the stink of gases won't bother you. After 2 weeks your sour kraut is ready. Take off the mould that often occurs on the surface. Don't get rid of the juice. Drink it with your sour kraut. This recipe worked for me. There is another one on http://www.happyherbalist.com/sour_kaut.htm. If you live in Chicago go to a Polish deli and ask them about sour kraut made with traditional methods. They should have it in barrels with a lot of juice. I don't know what is the value of sour kraut available in food chainstores ( I did't go for it because of additives used in mass produced food) After drinking the juice or eating a lot of sour kraut don't go away from home as it is almost sure you'll get short lasting diarrhea (start the teraphy on the weekend). Try the above recipe. It won't hurt you. Stop eating foods containing sugar. Give up coffee, coke and fatty foods for a while. Good luck.
I have been having pain under my right rib for around a year now.....it goes away for a few days...sometimes a few weeks even... and then comes right back.  I constantly feel nauseas- this is alot worse after eating things like pizza, etc. I feel constipated alot, even though my BMs are pretty frequent...but seem to be abnormally huge (sorry, not trying to gross anyone out!).....I do have some belching,etc....but nothing major...    Thanks!
  &nbsp;Gross or not, it is what it is, I had the same thing. A sharp pain on the right side where my ribs are, it turned out to gas! Boy was I embarrased. At the time I was not eating very well. I had very little fruits and vegetables, and no brown rice or beans. I was working a great of the time and pretty much had fast food diet with the ocassional hot dog and beer.

  &nbsp;I have known so many people who have had digestion problems, ulcers, hiatal hernias, GERD, gastritus, and stomach cancer. My Father had them all, and cancer, of course, won. My husband has GERD/gastritus, we try to keep his symptoms at a minimum. I don't want his to go any farther than it is. My family did not eat well growing up, probably why my Father had so many problems, he was also a very angry person. I think anger plays a big role in the digestion. We did not eat poorly on purpose, we ate the way those before did, and since my parents both lived through the depression, when things were available they had never enjoyed, they indulged. My Father loved french fries and ice cream, just a meat and potatoes kind of guy. No vegetables, no fresh fruits, and he loved Kentucky Fried Chicken when it came out. The vegetables we had came in a can, heated to process, losing all the vitamins and minerals. I suffered from constipation constantly, being stopped up is probably why I had gas pains in my side, the gas had no where to go.
I know three people who have had reflux and gallbladder problems, and they had their gall bladder removed. They are still having the same problems months and years later. I didn't do any good at all to have the gallbladder removed. Diet, exercise, and plenty of water is the best way to accomplish your goal of do, or at least less, stomach pain and problems. Believe it or not, one went to a reputable accupuncturist and has found a great deal of reflief. I was very surprised, but I never argue was success. He also got some herbal supplements to take along with the accupuncture. Just puttin' it out there, you never know!



  &nbsp;
Hi, I hope you are all getting better, I just wanted to suggest that you try to stop drinking milk, at least for a few days and watch to see if the pain goes away. My lactose intolerance tends to give me a pain under the right ribs that is very similar to what you describe. If you find that the milk is the problem, the best solution is lactase enzyme tablets, or just switch from eating cheese, milk products, etc to other alternatives. I am pain free now :) , as long as I dont have milk. :(
I too am trying to change all my &quot;bad&quot; habbits, I have quit smoking 4 almost 5 months ago, quit drinking pepsi, I only drink 1 cup of coffee a day 2-3 cups of green tea a day, a water all day, I have tried to get rid of all sweets and junk food, as I was put on Nexium 40mg a day sometimes twice a day for acid reflux which has not fixed my peoblem. I have tried eating only fruit and veggies and boneless skinless chicken breast, which feels a little better, but hasn't stopped all together. I now take Gaviscon like 4 times a day, 2 teaspoons. It seems to feel a little better at times, I have an appointment to go have a scope done Dec.22/2010 and an ultrasound dec.6/2010 to see what is going on.I have been to the Er too many times thinking I am having a heart attack, they just tell me because I am on Nexium it is just acid reflux watch what you eat,I have told them &quot;I barely eat, I am starving&quot; the doctors just say, watch what you eat.I have been to my family doctor 3 times in the last 2 weeks, I had blood work done. my heart as he has listened to it and said it just has to do with my acid reflux, but I am scared to eat anything because it gives me pains everywhere in my chest all day everyday. My doctor tells me 6 small meals instead of 3 big ones would be better. I don't know, any advice??
Hello all, my gall bladder, even though my great grandmother, grandmother and mother have all had theirs out, and therefore it is not unusual that i would have problems too. And he said that they rarely remove gall bladders anymore, just treat it with diet and whatnot. I WANT IT OUT! I can't live like this. He told me to take prevacid daily and talk to a GI because it could be IBS/Chrons/etc. It's my gall bladder. I know it is. So now after this week from hell, all I can do is wait to get a HIDA scan and hope that it proves that my gall bladder is malfunctioning so it can be removed.
Hi all... really glad I found this because I've been concerned aboutThanks!
is it better than the others? 
I'm not sure on the sodas. I love sodas. I'm a coke fan all the way. I have just recently switched to caffine free and also switched to decaf tea.I know what your talking about the cobra spitting thing. I've woken up many nights saying dang why did i eat that.LOL

Sassy i've had Gerd for about 9 years. It has never been worsened by movement. The burning sensation usually comes back up through the throat. Like a nasty taste. I also suffer from anxiety which does worsen during movement. Never had chest pains during a Gerd attack either. Hope this helps some. Msboo
before i found out that i was havung problems with it , i felt hardly no heart burn and there was no acidic taste in my mouth or burning of the throat.thank -sarah xo
does GERD always sneak up on you? sometimes have no problems with any food, then get tummy ache from a meal having pretty much nothing that could cause discomfort. not heartburn, but that stuffed feeling with nasty taste coming up at times. about ready to quit on diet (losing too much weight anyway) and go back to eating potato chips, giving flax to the birds and just plain enjoying food again. ate chili with no bad effects. then had fish and baked potato and got pain. also got diagnosed with severe diverticulosis via barium enema. hey, i can't help it. any comments/suggestions on that nastiness? doc just says fiber, so added flax to my diet. feel like a canary having occasional tummy aches! LOL!
Has anyone had PPI's cause there swallowing problems
I notice this is an old post, but I wonder the same thing. I've had a swallowing problem for years, but it was tolerable until a few months back. Both my reflux & swallowing got significantly worse and continues to be a problem.  But originally, before I developed this problem, I went to the doctor for heartburn & regurgitation after meals.  He prescribed Nexium at the time. It controlled the reflux, but I started having issues swallowing shortly after taking those pills.  To this day, I continue to wonder if the swallowing problem was caused by the pills, either as a side affect, or the pills causing more reflux due to too little acid.  It's hard to tell now, as it could have just been my reflux getting worse despite the pills. I remember I tried going off of them at the time, but my heartburn would come back even stronger
Hi, I'm a journalism student in Ottawa and am doing a health story on GERD. I've seen a few postings noting that symptoms of GERD increase when a medication like Nexium&nbsp; or Losec is decreased or halted. Has anyone else experienced this? 
No, in fact, I was able to get off all acid reflux medications and eat anything I want.  This was about 2 years ago and I have had no symptoms of acid reflux since.  In succession, I was on Prevacid, then Prilosec, then Nexium.  Sharon (sb4850@bellsouth.net)
Those of you with GERD, when you get hiccups do you find them painful?&nbsp; Also, what about when you burp?&nbsp; I find that both hiccuping and burping hurt and I associated it with my gerd. 
Yes.  That is common.  I still get a little weird gas, some hiccups and burps.  But pretty rare now  THis is what I did:-Ted.
Okay...I've developed this problem now where every time I eat or drink (doesn't matter what) I get really painful hiccups for about ten minutes.  Think that's related to Gerd?  That maybe my esophagus is irritated or something?  They feel like the stem from the bottom of my esophagus/top of my stomach.  I do have a history of esphagitis - I wonder if it's gotten worse.

yup, I struggled big time with being diagnosed and realizing I couldn't eat what I wanted anymore...but then a couple months after, I got diagnosed with crohn's and realized I REALLY couldn't eat anything.  But I remember there was about a month after going on losec that things got under control and I was able to eat some of the things I enjoyed- just gotta listen to your body and not overindulge.Donna
To help you gain the most from our HealingWell.com Forums and Chat, please familiarize yourself with the rules and guidelines below for participating in the message forums and chat rooms.Rules and guidelines may change at any time, please re-read them regularly.
To use the forums and chat rooms we recommend you use the following browsers:
Did you know you can edit your member profile, update options/preferences, change your password and more?&nbsp; Just click on the "Control Panel" link in the top left corner of the forums (visible to members that are logged in).&nbsp; 
Have you edited your member profile and preferences in the ?&nbsp;&nbsp; If not, you really should do so.&nbsp; In the Control Panel you can:
 
The chat rooms are  apply to the chat rooms as they do in the forums.
There are two kinds of email notifications that you may receive.&nbsp; 
Yes, you can click &quot;Help&quot; at the top right corner of the forum, or visit this link:




On social and community web sites, including public forums, it is sometimes difficult to remember that what you post is visible for all the world to view. 
As many of you know on the Internet you really never know what is true and what is not.  This is especially true in the forums... While we should try our best to be empathetic and caring to others, the online community is not a replacement for the real world where you know first hand someone else's situation, problems, or experiences.   
1. 
Hey guys, 
Please explain "pharmaceutical grade" omega 3s.&nbsp; Can this be purchased off the counter?
pharmaceutical grade can also be called ultra pure.. I think. I get mine at GNC and they are under $30 for 120 softgels. No aroma, no taste, no aftertaste. They are large though. I have never seen pharmaceutical gradde omega 3's at the drugstore (ironically) but if you have a GNC or other nutritional/vitamin shop they would surely have it.33 years old, dx with Crohn's in 1998. Currently on :
Hi.  I've got a patch of psoriasis on my arm.  Nothing too serious but annoying as it is very itchy at times.
&nbsp;
Hi I've had Psoriasis for 5 years now and have tried everything doctors have prescribed and while Stelara worked I was always getting sick. started my own research now and wanted to share this youtube story which I'm currently trying  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9MejlvS3i5Y its not advertisement just want to see what people think about this kids story of how he so far cured his Psoriasis.
I have tried everything!! creams,shampoo,medication nothing works,can't put my hair up cause one side is so bad now it shows,I have huge balled spots.I know life could be worse but its sore an itchy, I have crohns and for some reason my humira is creating the problem even though its supposed to cure it.Any home remedies to help?? I am almost ready to shave my head and I really don't want to :( any feedback is much appreciated!!!!I have had it for years and have tried researching and nothing seems to help!
I personally found that dovobet ointment works best for my scalp psoriasis and i have this on repeat prescript
Hi Bellavita- have u found any relief from your scalp psoriasis? I got shingles and Dr. said calamine lotion. I put it on the sores on my head w a q tip and it dried them up!! Use good normal shampoo. Redkin from salon. Other shampoos for psoriasis damaged my hair.Susie
My doctor has taken me off Humira due to reaction. Plans for me to start Stelara. Don't see much info on the web. Anyone using it? How is it working for you?
Can psoriasis on my head cause headaches, and neck aches?? Esp at the bottom of the scull, my whole scalp is sore and feels very very tender, even my eyes are sore!!, it is very very thick on my scalp, I have to cover my scalp with baby oil wait about 2 hours until it all goes supple and then scrap it all off with a nit comb, and then my head bleeds...... Then within 5 days it's all back again, it's getting stupid!!!!! Xxx any help with this would be fantastic xx
We wanted to let you know about
I am having a really bad flare up of my psoriasis and the question I have is bathing!  Water, even tepid with Epson salts makes it worse, I have tried cast protectors and they don't work well can't seem to find anything out there to protect my hands and feet when I bathe, anyone have and ideas?
Hello.Who would have thought a little tiny liquid vitamin D3 would make such a monumental difference in my Quality of life. Thank God for natures miracles.
I couldn't find a category that covers eczema and or menopause. This was the closest one. I'm suffering so much with dry, dry itchy aggravated skin from eczema, especially my face but also on my body. I look like I've just come from the sun and gotten burnt. It's also very inflamed and dry. I'm also in menopause and think that the two may be linked. I was put on prometrium, progesterone, and estrogel, estrogen gel I put on my skin to help. Not sure if it is but I'm slowly going crazy. I'm currently doing a treatment through a Dr who does alternative medicine, called NAET to desensitise myself from allergens. My IGE, which is your allergy response is over 19000, and the normal range is anywhere from 0-240. I think the treatment is helping with the hormones, but it's so slow and I'm scared I'll be like this for ever. I also just saw a dermatologist and she wants to put me on Methotrexate. Not happening, but been tempted. Anyone else experiencing anything like this? Any feed back would be great.
Hi AllGood luck!
I had so many sores on my head. So embarrassing! So hard to hide! Then I got shingles on my shoulder. Dr precribed calamine lotion. I decided to try it on the psoriasis. Using a q tip I sapped ea sore w calamine lotion. They went away!!! I just use a good shampoo and conditioner. Redkin . From salon. Susie
I just spoke to my dermatologist who said it was completely fine if I discontinued Humira. I dont like taking it and she seemed rather rude about
My son started Humira today for severe psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
Hello, a month ago. It started on the tops of my hands and scalp. I tried very few things and thought it would just clear up on its own. It did not so I tried drinking aloe juice and that seem to help a bit but continued to spread to legs and torso. So after reading up on all different sites I chose to just flood my system with vitamins and that is clearing it up. So I take a Multi, Coconut oil, Omega 3, Vitamin D, B12, C, and Biotin. I do not know which one is helping so I will just continue on all of them and hopefully will clear up completely. Will keep everyone posted.
Hello all, Has anyone heard of this? I'm almost embarassed to be seen in public...
Hi everyone,Thanks
Hello I'm a uc pancolitis suffer since 2005 and i gotten bad psoriasis on scalp an behind ears frim either humira or remacaide. Iv also bee on steroids off an on since 2005. I've recently went to Walmart in African hair area an leave in oil that works wonders for scalp psoriasis. It's called africa best ultimate olive oil herbal oil. Believe me it works i was so shocked. So much better then derma smooth. I didn't have to pull   out psoriasis from scalp. I was loosing so much hair from dermasmooth an all that stuff doctors perscibed me. O and also for my shampoos an condition i use it is called Carol's Daughter (black Vanilla ) it smells so good like a vanilla-coconut an its natural an That is also in african hair area. You can use for all types. I just put it at least once a day. O and to let you know I'm Hispanic
More specifically, we are seeking people who fit all of the below criterias:
I'm taking it for Crohn's. the infusion was great ! I was full of energy for  eight weeks, after shot now, which i give to myself at home, I get very tired. Gaining weight ? Anyone else? It IS helping my Crohn's . I cannot take a multi vitamin on Stelara, makes my face break out With a rash.UC since '05, now in '15 Mayo Clinic say Chrons/colitis and DX with chronic Lyme's in '10. No biologics work. Now on Stelara and love it!!Took rafaximin for SIBO, worked awesome!
Recently prescribed and concerned
Hi everyone! I would like to share information about
Hi, I have just cut my hair pretty short on the sides and noticing white spots, I have seen them before, but I am confused. I've been dealing with severe dandruff for a couple years. But I dont think I have Psoriasis because I can easily put water on the spots and they go back to normal for a couple hours. Then they come back, and i just put water/ oil on it again and its gone. Also i haven't experience any Psoriasis symptoms anywhere else. So what is this. BTW im 15,
Hey guys I have joint paint pain but I wanted to know if spa also causes itching    My arms and legs itch and the itch actually stings and kinda burns. I don't have any visible rash   Just lots of thick dandruff on my scalp. But my arms and legs are very uncomfortable.
Post approved by Founder & CEO Peter Waite:Thanks in advance for your participation!
Hello, new here! Really getting depressed with this. All started about
Happy Friday All,Nick
Any advice or help please? Have been seeing a rheumatologist since last year due to horrible joint pains mostly fingers hands, feet ankles, and back. At this point all test have been run MRI, Ultrasounds, scans blood work. No firm diagnosis all scans normal except the positive HLA-B27 long family history of autoimmune and uncle has PsA. I have just noticed today I have 3 very small sized white scaly patches on my thighs about
&nbsp;
Welcome to HealingWell's Osteoarthritis forum. We're glad you joined. We ask that you take the time to introduce yourself in a new thread before you begin responding to the topics already in progress. This is easily done. Simply click on the "New Topic" button and the program will 

 the American College of Rheumatology (ACR) released updated  recommendations re Osteoarthritis:
I had a total hip replacement in May 2012.&nbsp; Everything was going great, my recovery took a little longer than expected, due to such major damage. When I started to walk again my knee on same side as hip replacement, started giving me severe pain.
&nbsp;I had THR posterior on the right side on 5/19/13. 
Hi dp, I'm from the chronic pain forum and saw your post. Congratulations on a successful hip replacement as it looks like your well on the road to recovery!(Methadone, lyrica,lexapro,Indocin)
Hi, I'm a new member and very happy to have discovered this forum.&nbsp; Any of the knee pain resolved yet following THR? I am 5 weeks out of surgery and did remarkably well for the first 4 weeks.&nbsp; Off the cane within days after surgery and walking well.&nbsp; Severe knee pain set in at week 5 with spasms above and mostly below the knee.&nbsp; Also along side the knee, which I believe is all related to the IT band and problems I've had for over 10 years. (not knowing the real problem was coming from my hip).
Dear Susie (stray dog). Thank you in advance , MGM.
 their recovery issues that come up.&nbsp; I am 11 weeks post op from this The original pain that brought me to the surgery is gone, however, so many new issues have arisen.&nbsp; I am not back to my old self at all and wonder what to expect in the future.&nbsp; Please share and thank you.
Hi, Just the half cast for 4 weeks. The pin comes out at that same time. Then its O.T. 3x/week. The O.T. people will make me a splint/brace. The brace will stay on 24/7 for 12 weeks except for bathing. Donna
 I'll keep you posted.
plo,She is going to &quot;cut my splint down&quot; next week...then in a couple of weeks move me to a soft brace.  I may have a party when I can get rid of the hard one!!!
We wanted to let you know about
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
I am having LRTI surgery on my right dominant thumb the end of October.  I am seeing a lot of comments about pain and long recovery.  Please share your tips for meds and recovery help.  Not sure whether to have a nerve block or to be put out.  Comments?  Also, all in all, will this let me sew, bead and craft after recovery?
Has anyone used this med for their hands?  I just got my prescriptDiagnosed with MS 2001.  Fibromyalgia, Graves Disease, IBS, Gastritis, Spondylosis, Degenerative Disc Disease, Sjogrens, Osteoarthritis, Osteoporosis, Tendonitis, Costochondritis.  All the autoimmune diseases are attacking me.  Taking the minimum of medications.
any knowledge here about that???
Hello everyone,
Has anyone chosen Stem Cell over Full Knee Replacement.  If so, what are the down sides other than the $4,000, out-of-pocket ouch?
I'm having LRTI surgery in both thumbs, my left thumb in July and hopefully my right thumb in the winter.  I have chosen to have my left thumb done first, even though my right hand is a little worse (likely because I use it more).  Thanks!!
Hi,Thank you!
Hi, so I'm currently still in secondary school. the project that I'm doing is an innovation class project, where my partner and I are supposed to come up with an innovative product that helps in wellness. We thought that it would be better if we got your opinions on itThanks
Tomorrow (16 Nov 17) is the day for me. Male, 61, have had the pain/discomfort for a couple years, cortisone was ineffective, and decided that it is time to get healed. LRTI tomorrow morning on right (dominant) hand. Have read through several surgical/healing recaps in this forum and it has made it less stressful. I will post my experiences after the LRTI tomorrow and I hope they are as positive as many that I have read here. Poppity
Had some bicep and forearm pain for quite some time that didn't seem to completely subside.  OS decided to have MRI order with complete tare and 10cm retraction.  Surgery recommended ASAP.  The tare probably happened as a result of stationary bike work outs, 7 days a week.  I.E. overuse injury.Please share your views on MRI accuracy and/or your similar distal bicep tare issues.
Does a thumb injection hurt terribly?Scared ...a lot of getting one!
Hello, Thank you.
This questionnaire is addressed for people had acute cruciate ligament(ACL) tear.
I am 71.  I have bone on bone arthritis and tendon tear in my left knee.  Recently the knee is giving way.  Looks like the ortho doctor's recommendation for a TKR is coming to reality.  I also have weakened muscles etc. from the effects of Arimidex--breast cancer medication.  I am scared of the surgery and the pain and rehab that comes with surgery.  My putting this off and now I am worried.  How have others dealt with this reality?
Hello all of you, I have had CMC thumb surgery 9 months ago. I still have a lump under my incision where the thumb meets the wrist. Its hard as bone, and have been told it will go away with time. This lump interferes with the backward motion range of my thumb and makes my wrist stiff. I have been heating my hand daily using a hot pack, then stretching exercises with my hand and fingers, then all the PT exercises I was told to do. I still have problems typing, turning the ignition key on my truck, dexterity in starting bolts, and with all kinds of flexibility issues in my thumb and wrist. Have any of you had this problem? And does it go away? This is getting old real fast and Im at my witts end!  daninflag
A few years ago, I banged my middle finger, right hand (just below the nail), on a shower door.  Within a few weeks, a bony lump formed on the back of my finger and within a few more weeks, my finger was badly deformed.  
Does anyone have arthritis and worsening inflammation with a high lip A and high HS CReactive Protein score? I am looking for ways to control inflammation and nobody seems to handle both of them holistically.Thank you.
HiI had CMC arthroplasty on February 23rd. Yesterday I had the stitches removed and the fiberglass cast put on. I am not at all happy with the way the cast fits. I can stick two fingers down into the cast on my palm side and yet in other places it feels too tight. it doesn't feel like it's supporting my hand properly. I hate making a fuss but I'm starting to think I should speak up for myself. There doesn't seem to be anywhere near enough padding so some of the edges are very sharp. I imagine I would have the same person re doing the cast and figure I'll get the same exact result. I don't have a return appointment until the 26th of March. What should I do? Thank you in advance for any help or suggestions.
Any LRTI surgery advice? I need this, it’s not super bad, it’s where it’s at and pushing the joint out.... my hands are very very strong, I am a massage therapist. The doc is one of the top hand surgeons in the US.... he said I would not loose my career which is my fear, I’m aware of the rehab that must happen.... I would like to hear from people that’s had this and how there recovery was, and time frame..... and especially those who really use their hands for a living...I know not to push things, recovery takes time. I guess I’m just very nervous!!!! Thank you.
Greetings to all;Michael
Hi all!!!Please help...
LRTI on rt hand (dominant) on Feb 27. Surgical cast / dressing and sutures all removed after 2 weeks. Removable splint made and told to wear it 24/7 except to shower. I had told my hand surgeon that the skin over my thumb base was very sensitive to touch prior to the surgery. He never addressed this issue. I assumed that was because it's a nerve problem, not an ortho problem. When the surgical dressings were removed from the suture sight, it was like I was stabbed and shocked with a stun gun at the same time. I screamed like I've never screamed in my life, I cried for 15 minutes and nearly passed out. Of course the woman apologized profusely and stated she's never encountered this before. The incision area is so hypersensitive, that a bath towel barely brushing on it or water droplets hitting it directly sends electric shocks directly towards the tip of my thumb!!! Has anyone else had this kind of issue?? I have multiple sclerosis and hope the hypersensitivity is caused by that and that maybe my neuro can do something aboutPattyAli
I am new to forum.  I have severe osteoarthritis in both hands and orthopedist has recommended LRTI for both for 3 years now.  I have put off surgery by having cortisone injections but can no longer get them and thus, only have surgery as an option.  Disability and pain are untenable in both thumbs.   this.
Hello everyone,

Have you tried giving her Nyquil? This is supposed to help with the sneezing.  I know it can get quite painful if one sneezes repeatedly!  Your poor daughter :(  I'm sorry I can't be much help but hopefully when you take her to the specialist they can get to the bottom of it.  A thought just popped in my head, does your daughter have a computer in her room or one that she uses in which she uses compressed air to spray off the keyboard?  I've heard that the propellents in those things can cause much grief especially if one is sensitive to them.  What about

So this specialist you are taking her to is an allergist? If she does have allergies (which is sounds like she does), I can give you a few tips to help ease her symptoms. Yes, by her avoiding the animals is a big thing but if she is anything like my daughter it will be easier said then done! If she won't avoid the animals, you can shampoo the animals in an allergy shampoo - this helps reduce the dander that animals produce which is the primary cause of allergies (that and their saliva). Vacuuming is good but it's not enough. After you vacuum, dust the house because vacuuming stirs up the animal dander, dust and whatnot that is in the carpet. This includes dusting any ceiling fans if you have any. You can also put cheesecloth over the vents to capture more allergens as well as putting a hypo allergenic filter on your furnace/air conditioner. If it's dry in your house, this will create more allergy symptoms so you should have&nbsp;a humidifier&nbsp;in her room at least. This "mats" down the allergens in the house and it doesn't let them float about. Encase her mattress in a hypo allergenic mattress cover as well as her pillows. These can usually be found online - not sure where though. I hope some of these tips can help your daughter - I hate seeing children miserable!

When I was younger I used to sneeze like crazy probably not&nbsp;quite as bad as your daughter but it became a part of my everyday life. I would wake my family up in the morning with my sneezing attacks and I sneezed so much it drove my mom crazy lol. My eyes would also water so much it looked like I was crying. The only time i would stop is when I left the house. &nbsp;I had a cat that stayed inside and other pets that came inside&nbsp;from time to time.&nbsp;&nbsp;We would&nbsp;vaccume and everything but nothing seemed to help. When I moved 2 years ago we would not allow any pets into our home and removed all carpets in the house and wow what a difference. It was like my sneezing attacks cleared up imediately. If someone lets a cat inside now it takes about 5 mins before I start sneezing like crazy. I dont know if this is the case with your daughter...i'm not a professional or anything but its a thought. I hope all goes well with your daughter!&nbsp;
Wen, there is sneezing and then there is SNEEZING.  To say she only has sneezing is to say that when someone has a cold that they just have a stuffy nose! :)  You're poor daughter...I never had such severe sneezing attacks that I couldn't breathe but I have had maybe 5 or 6 in a row and boy does that hurt!  Sneezing takes alot out of you especially if it's done repeatedly.  When you take her in for the specialist, please let us know what they have to say ok?

I hope you don't mind one more reply. I myself have allergies to cats,dogs,dust,pollens, perfumes, etc. 

I will cross my fingers too and hopes that her sneezing fits stay eased up!  Just be sure to have her stop any antihistamines before her allergy testing.  I'm not sure how long she has to stop them before the doc but hopefully the doc gave you some instructions?



I have been having this same problem as a life-long condition.Very Important. Absolutely NO pressure. You pressure her, and it's gonna make it worse, my dad did it to me and I ended up sitting in a hospital bed for 2 days from it. I am an 8-26 round sneezer when it hits me. I've noticed usually it's a 'chilling breeze' thing that sets me off. But I focus, relax and then a minute later I go into another 8-26 round. Usually not beyond 3 rounds anymore as an adult. Used to be as many as 6 rounds as a minor.
HI just to let you know i have an 18 yr old daughter that does the same thing. When we went in for allergy test she tested possitive to open any windows and all of out air is thru the a/c unit. the dog is not allowed in her room but she won't kick the cats out. (she has 5) luckily she is more allergic to the dog than the cats. Hope things work out ok for you. i just wanted you to know you are not alone.

Which allergy test did she have done Wen?



Wen,
I have my Grandson that has sneezing fits, only at my house. We have tried removing everything we could hoping it might help. Nothing helps until I just read on another site. A lady recommended cupping your hands and letting fresh water from the sink in your hands, place/ submerge your nose for as long as you can, then dry your face and inside of your nostrils. I did this with him and so far it has worked. He has only sneezed 1 in the past hour.Happy Grammy Here!
My doc tried putting me on Zyrtec a couple months ago because my Allegra doesn't really help me much, but my insurance wouldn't cover it.&nbsp; Now that it's available OTC, I'm thinking about

I can't take any decongestants because I'm sensitive to the ingredients (makes my heart race and super jittery) so I know I can't take Zyrtec D, that's why I want to try plain Zyrtec.  But taking it at night sounds like a good plan.  Thanks Carla!
My husband has taken Zyrtec for years and he always takes his after dinner.  He doesn't have any drowsiness problems from it.-Razzle
I have taken zytec for years it made me drowsy at first but now I take it every morning with no problems at all
CAN SOMEONE HELP WITH THIS QUESTION i HAVE ON zTECK? i HAD A COLD IN jAN..WHICH LEAD(WHAT THE DR SAID) A SINUS INFE TION...TOOK ANTIBOTIC FOR A WEEK AND A SPRAY..NOTHING HELPED MY NOSE CONGESTION..THEN WENT TO ANOTHER DR HE SAID IT WAS VIRAL..SO HE GAVE ME ANOTHER PREscript ME TAKING..BU THE OTHER ONE DOESN'T REDUCE THE SWEELING ASO THAT COULD MAKE ME WORSE????WHAT GOES WITH ALL THESE PILLS AND WHAT HELPS?&gt; i JUST WANT TO SOUND NORMAL AGAIN..THANKSSMY SPELLING IS ALL WRONG ON THIS..SORRY
Hi School,-Razzle

I have been taking Zytec for 4 years now, 10 mgs.  It does not bother me u get use.   Well this how I started taking the medication. Take it before you go to bed so your wide awake the next day.  Once ur body gets use of taking the medication, u can slowly see how it reacts during the day. But only try it on weekends when u don' have to drive anywhere. 
My allergist put me on Xyzal (which has been described as &quot;Son of Zyrtec&quot;) a few months ago. I had a week or so of mild drowsiness initially, but nothing that seriously interfered with my day to day activities.http://blog.allergybegone.com
Hello Joseph, nice to meet you...
Anyone out there who is allergic to glycerin. found out on Saturday threw a challenge test we did in dr. office.&nbsp; Since this allergey is so rare never heard of it before need help in finding any products that dont contain glycerin.&nbsp; Does any face moisturizer that doesn’t contain glycerin anyone know of? Same thing with hair products, face products, lotions?&nbsp;&nbsp;Does&nbsp;anyone know of food that contain it?&nbsp; Any help would be greatly appreciated.&nbsp; And if you can email me directly that would be wonderful as well. &nbsp;
Hmmm ... I haven't come across glycerin before. It may not be cheap but maybe you could check with online suppliers for organic, natural moisturizers &amp; other beauty products&nbsp;... alot contain just the most basic ingredients ... I'm sure you will come across something. I've had to do this for some of my more uncommon allergies (like toothpaste!)
thank you so much for even helping me look. But yes i know it is impossible.&nbsp; I have called so many places yesterday and it looks like i might have luck at health food stores.&nbsp; They have like natural and organic lotions and stuff. I cant even believe this stuff was in some of the stuff that i normal eat on a daily basis.&nbsp; Thank you guys for any input and if you run across anyone else or anything please let me know. Thanks Trsora1


I was doing a search for others with this issue and found this post so I joined. My son is VERY allergic to glycerine. It closes his throat up and he carries Epipen. Some of the items we have found for him that he can use are Aim or Pepsident toothpaste. Softsoap BODY wash (not the hand soap) and the Suave for kids shampoo. Someone told me Tresemme but I haven't got a clue if that is accurate. Eucerin body lotion. Remember that MANY items you wouldn't expect to have glycerin as well. Things like Gatorade, medicines, all the way to Toaster Streudels. My son's allergist gives him glycerine drops that we use on days he has been exposed or can't avoid exposure such as allergy shot days. Allergy shots literally have glycerine in them. So with my son's allergies he was worse not better with shots until we found out he was allergice to glycerine. The drops were dosed out to where his body shuts off the reaction. They work amazing. Insurance doesn't cover them but they are worth every dollar. Good luck with your allergy and I hope my info can help in some way.

Hello,im new here. i have had terrible chronic cough and hack for a while, but everytime i was allergy tested i came up negative. this time though i popped positive on glycerin. if anyone can give me advice i would really appreciate it. i will try this glycerin free way of life and see if i notice any changes
I am also allergic to Glycerin.  I found out by accident which became a godsend.  I have found some Bath and Body works soaps and lotions to be OK.  Also Dove and Ivory Soap.  The Ivory liquid soap is fine also.  I found the only facial moisturizer I can wear is called Alpha-Hydrox AHA souffle.  I am having trouble with dish soap and laundry detergent.  Any suggestions?
Hi, life long sufferer of glycerin allergy. Over the years my allergy has become more severe, but it started with soaps and then progressed. I can't even eat food if it contains the smallest amount. Due to this allergy and a multitude of other food allergies I have almost completely stopped eating packaged foods. It's a pain but I cook all of my own meals. That's the safest way to insure that you wont poison yourself. 
&nbsp;
Hi NK, welcome to Healingwell :)  Agh! Vertigo is the most horrible feeling isn't it?? I'm sorry that you are having to endure that!  Just a question, have you had your inner ears checked for fluid build up?  Sometimes allergies can cause fluid to build up in the ear which can also account for vertigo.  You'd figure with the allergy meds that it would take care of the problem.  Do you know what you are allergic to?  Have you thought about
my mother has had vertigo for almost 5 yrs. she's 78 yrs old with no known allergies.she's had 3 mri's, seen 2 ear,nose and throat docs,been to a clinic that specializes in inner ear. they adjusted the crystals in both ears but that didn't stop the vertigo either.she also saw a neurologist, who says she has a blocked artery.we just don't know what else to do. nothing seems to work for her. it has really changed her life. any suggestions????
Sandra you can look up my contact info and I'll can tell you how I take care of vertigo.
Well I just got back from the doctor again. The bronchitis is gone but now im having an asthma flare up, which is causing all the coughing and chest tightness. So&nbsp;my Doctor&nbsp;putting me on a short course of prednisone. I dont know what my dosage is yet for it im still waiting for the pharmacy to fill it. But I have never taken this before and I have heard some not so good things about
Hello Mia! S.

No I was not told that but for the first 3 days I have to take it 3 times a day. I hope this makes me feel better! Im ready to get back to "normal".
It is advisable to take it with food or milk, since it can cause stomach irritation. Make sure also to get enough potassium (most fruits and vegetables are good sources of potassium) and calcium while you take the Prednisone, as it causes increased potassium loss and reduces absorption of calcium. Don't take calcium with the prednisone, take it 2 hours before or after.&nbsp; Also, be sure to get enough water - Prednisone can make you dehydrate faster.I hope you feel better soon - take care,



Mia, you may want to take some Ranitidine (available OTC) before bedtime. Predinsone can cause fierce gastroesophageal reflex, which can feel like breathing problems also. Taking 75 - 150 mg. of Ranitidine an hour before you lie down will usually prevent it. Start with 75 and increase if you need to. Good luck.
I noticed it gives me a little bit of energy but then I crash. I get really tired and feel weak. But it can already feel it working. The chest tightness has already eased up.
Try a higher protein, lower carbohydrate, moderate to low salt diet with plenty of water to help reduce Prednisone side-effects.-Razzle
Well im down to the last 3 days of my prednisone. I think it has helped even though my chest is sore and my ribs in my&nbsp;back&nbsp;are killing me between my shoulder blades. Hopefully this will end soon. Does anyone else get the back tightness with their asthma?

My next appt is not till August 15th.
What other meds are you on ?
The meds im on right now is Flovent 2x daily, Albuterol as needed and I have one day left on Prednisone.
There are several different classes of asthma meds and within those classes a few different drugs. You might try a different inhaled glucocorticoid- perhaps Mometasome would be more effective for you. Spiriva helps many people. Foradil is another. There are others- you might to &quot;shop around&quot; till you find the combination that works for you.GL
Hi Mia, 
Your right I am hesitant to call my doctor again b/c I have called/seen him 3 times the past 3 weeks. Like I said the back tightness/pain has been going on for a week now and if it doesnt ease up after this weekend I will give him another call. 
It does sometime take a while to get back to normal, particularly if the asthma attack was caused by a secondary illness. It's understandable if you are still sore and achy. You've been through a lot. Tom
Pleurisy may be to blame for your back pain.  Please call your doctor Monday if you don't experience improvement this weekend.  Take care,-Razzle
I suffered anaphylaxis 2 weeks ago after eating a normal sushi dinner that I always eat. I ate nothing new. I met with the allergist today and had blood and skin tests done. I am negative to everything they tested. Has this happened to anyone before.  The doctor was no help at all and pretty much told me to &quot;eat safe&quot;, whatever that means and just carry my epi pen. I am so frustrated b/c I do NOT want to experience another anaphylatic shock. Not sure what to do now. Thank you.
I have secondary progressive MS and I got progressively more allergic over the last 5 years including 3 anaphalaxis(once to chelation, once to antibiotic and once to a herbal tea?!).  As I became allergic to all chemicals, drugs, supplements, including most food & tap water (fluoride in it) I tried to find an alternative solution.  Have had a lot of success with a group called Advanced Allergy Elimination (using Kineasology but at a more advanced level than any I have tried before) they have offices in all capital cities in Australia & New Zealand (apparently the most allergic countries in the world).  I was even able to have an operation to install a baclofen pump which took away my pain and gave me my life back.  I found out in advance what drugs, aneasthetics were to be used and desensed to these and they could tell me that I was allergic to all the preservatives used in the aneasthetics.  Can now eat and drink anything which is a joy but am still v sensitive to anything synthetic.  I was so desperate I had to be open to anything that could help.  Particularly as the sensitivities were building on each other all the time.  Wish you all the best, health & healing.
I had a sharp pain in my left ear aboutMy head is very full and pressure-y, same with my ears.
Thanks. Well I've seen him twice, the 2nd time he still thinks its TMJ.I also feel pressure or something like that under my ears down my neck. What the hell? I feel like my whole head needs to be popped. I've always had somewhat of a full headed feeling but never like this. Yesterday I had a headache for 14 hrs.
Actually, before Allegra, I was given samples of another similar RX med (a more expensive one) which seemed to help w/the ear pains; I ran out of it and the next day the pain was back. My pharmacist called my doc and asked if I could use another less-expensive kind (I have no insurance) and got Allegra. My guess is that my doc would have used Zyrtec or whatnot if he thought it was better or as good (he knows I'm poor basically!). But I'll ask him again.I get those headaches too but it doesn't feel like that; it feels like somethings enlarged (b/c of the pressure...I don't actually feel any lumps) or pressured.
As I have posted on other forums I hope my post helps:She told me that my &quot;mother dura&quot; could have been effected. She recommended me to see an osteopath doctor. I created an appointment on September 8th she worked on me for two hours and and I IMMEDIATELY was feeling better (I stopped taking all the medication). The osteopath doctor told me that my &quot;mother dura&quot; was indeed effected and that it was a combination of old and new injuries. I have to visit a few more times but the osteopath doctor helped me a great deal and I truly hope that my post will help you and others.
My daughter seems to be allergic to whatever adhesive they use on bandaids.&nbsp; But what is weird is that she only has this allergic reaction on her arms.&nbsp; It actually causes her skin to scab over where the adhesive is.&nbsp; Now I am starting to have the same reaction but only on my chest.&nbsp; Does anyone know if they recently changed the ingredients of bandaid adhesive?&nbsp; Is this a common allergic reaction?
I am allergic to almost every type of bandaid. My skin blisters where the adhesive adhers to it. I could get around that but a new problem cropped up. I was in the ER due to a severe asthma attack and they of course started an IV. They used one of the clear adhesive rectangles to hold the IV needle in place. When they took it off I had a blistered area 2 x 3 inches. Paper tape does the same thing.
I'm allergic to most bandaides, except for the cloth ones and  bandaid allergies are quite common,
I had the reaction to the Bandaid brand Flexible Fabric ones.  I haven't tried using the bandaids anywhere else and I definately can't use them on my chest.  I had a punch biopsy done and I have 3 stitches on my chest.  A bit unsightly! lol But what can I do eh?  I get the stitches out next Monday anyway.  And my daughter had those plastic bandaids from the doctors office put on her arm after having the Guardisil vaccine.  She doesn't have the reaction anywhere else though.  My MIL was telling me the same thing Ides, she blisters up instantly if a bandaid or any sort of tape is applied anywhere on her body.  I was talking to her the other day about
Smurfy, maybe use silk ribbon to keep the gauze tied on with, usually gauze is made with silk
I have no issues with latex.  No hives, no swelling no nothing.  I think it's just whatever adhesive they use on the bandaids that I am sensitive to and the same for my daughter.  She has no problem with latex either.
Only certain plastics bug me, its probably more so a chemical allergic reaction in an ingredient that is common in all.&nbsp;
Be really careful not to use the bandaids or tape anymore. I started with the blistering but now if a doctor or hospital uses them on me, it takes the top layer of skin right off. When I had gallbladder surgery, I told the hospital staff that I was allergic to all tape and ofcourse, they used it on top of the metal stitches in surgery. I went back to the doctor to get stitches out and almost no scarring from the surgery but long rectangle scars from the tape. He had the nerve to ask what it was...I told him that I told HIM I was allergic to tape. They can still do anything they want to you while you are knocked out:( Plus, it really hurts. Now, I will be more assertive with them not to use it. I wonder if these medical people think you make it up!! I do the gauze to cover skin and cloth take around that so it touches no skin.
Thanks Red:) I will try that but hope never to need surgery again..yeah, right! As it is, I fear the tape more than the surgery.
Hi! I have very sensitive skin but didn't start developing an allergy for band-aids until about 2&quot; from where the band-aid was on the top and the bottom. They are very sore and it actually hurts a little to walk. Is there something I could put on them, and do you think this was an allergic reaction to the band-aid? I read some of the other people's comments, and they mentioned blisters. These are not blisters, but more like sores. They sort of look like big bug bites.
Hello.&nbsp; I just found this site.&nbsp; I too have SEVERE blistering, weeping reactions to bandage adhesives.&nbsp; The ONLY bandage I can use is Walgreens Gentle Hypoallergenic bandage, but they discontinued them early this summer.&nbsp; I called their consumer relations department to verify that they were discontinued but no reason give as to why.&nbsp; I bought every box on the shelves at my local stores.&nbsp; I wish bandage manufacturers would get the hint that there are people like us who need an alternative to the usual adhesives.&nbsp; Very frustrating!
I have had Multiple Chemical Sensitivities for over 30 years of my life.......and for the most part have found ways to manage it.
Heidi34 - I also googled band aid rash and came to this thread. I also have IBD and am currently on Remicade. I have always had random sensitivities to adhesives and band aids. Co-bands, water proof band aids, and prenatal monitor straps have caused ruckus on my skin also.  I never looked much into it, just took it for what it is. I only use cloth bandages now.Is there an alternative tape that can be used at the iv site?
Oops, I forgot to add that I'm putting Vit E on my finger now and it seems to be healing.
I have just discovered this site while looking for some solution to my long time reaction to band aids and paper tape. I see that it is not as uncommon as I thought it was. Some years ago I read an article that addressed this problem and it stated that the manufacturers had started using an adhesive that is made from a shrimp derivative. Since I have a shellfish allergy I believed the article to be true,however my practical problem still has not been solved. I have yet to find a brand of bandaid that doesn't leave me in worse shape than before I use it. Liquid bandaid works in some cases, but if there is any surgery involved that won't do the trick. Thanks to this site I now have some other brands to try......I hope I find something that work. Has anyone else heard of this shellfish/adhesive connection?
I've never posted here because until a couple of weeks ago my allergies weren't bothering me. Since the pollen has come into full bloom i've been experincing the common sypmtoms, itchy watery eyes, runny nose, sneezing, but when i sneeze i find it very hard to catch my breath for at least a minute, i have to take very deep breaths back to back. Has anyone else experienced this?
Hi,
You didn't mention where on her body your wife is developing uticaria. That is often a clue as to the cause. Going to an allergist is really the necessary step in the diagnosis process. I suddenly developed an allergy to an unknown substance this winter. I didn't develop a rash but had severe breathing difficulties. My allergist ordered the necessary testing and got me on a course of medications that has finally gotten the problem under control. It took three months to find a medication regime that kept the problem at bay. It sounds like your wife has not yet had that right combo.
Strip down the house and sterilize it. Write everything she eats and  drinks. See the allergist. Get PCP to prescribe EPI-PEN...if her face and throat swells again jab that into her thigh, rush her to a doctor/er.&nbsp;
Writing to let you know about it with the constant itching.  I will update this site as I learn more.
Still hopefull (after almost 2 years!!)
Peak and jayed105,Thank you much!
May I ask what was the highest dose of prednisone you were given?If I did not do it that way, I would not have gotten rid of the inflammation caused by fire ants and other insects.

Just curious,  has anyone in this thread also had enlarged lymph nodes along with all the other symptoms?  I have alerady been checked for lymphoma but curious if others suffering from chronic hives also have enlarged lymph nodes.
I am going through a divorce right now and have severe hives on my scalp. It is so miserable to have hives like this.  It is very helpful to read these posts and know that I am not alone. I am going to my doctor tomorrow to see what he says.  I will try the vinegar rinse in the shower tonight.  Any other suggestions would be helpful.
I dont sneeze or have typical allergies however i tested for allergies and was allergic to everything. Doctor said i have so much inflammationt hat causing headaches all the time. I think it might be hair gels i use. Is this possible. I flush and sensitive to sunlight and dont have rosacea. I have headaches all the time and seems i wake up in morning with red eyes adn bad throughout the day. When i am in airplanes, i feel so bad.. red burning eyes adn headaches and flushing. Also when i am in cars its bad. I have used hari gel for 7 years almost everyday. I thinki could developed allergy to it. Could this be causing all the inflammation and headaches. Seems to get worse when i put hair gel in but then when i dont, it also seems to have same side effects. Not sure what it is. I believe it could be the cause of it, just want to make sure. IF so, what is a good hair putty or gel that is safe and wont casue these allergic reactions. No allergy meds work. Eye doc said i have dry eyes and allergy eyes. My eyes could be dried out bc of hair gels all this time .....i think need give inflammation a break for while and not use hair gels...or maybe it wont help and its the pollen and mold allergies that showed up. 
Joy, next time take your own products with you and request that she use only those. Most of the hair products have excessive amounts of perfumes in them, which bother a lot of people. A good stylist will always use your product if you request it.
I don't think I'll go back to her. She was way too expensive for a wash, cut and style. ($35)
so your saying this very well could be causing flushing face, burning red eyes evey morning. I need some ideas on male hair gel that is fragrance free etc...Who knows. I think this is my problem...Causes inflamation and whenever i am in closed areas, airports, malls, hotels, it gets aot worse. Any ideas.  I always have hair gel in since i was younger. Could be reaction for sure. But didnt know it would cause headaches. I guess since i kept over doing it, it now started this. Pease let me know.
Could be a reaction to sulfites and/or sodium laurel sulfate (or variations of this coconut deriviative) or some other irritant.  There are a lot of irritants in hair products.  My husband uses unscented lotion for hair styling...works just as well as the gels for him, but without the smell.  I use Giovanni brand shampoo & conditioner because it is free of sulfites and sodium laurel sulfate/related chemicals, so I don't get all itchy from it like I do from other hair products.  I know Giovanni makes a hair styling gel, too, so maybe that would be less irritating?-Razzle
Hello ShaneA655we live in switzerland... i was searching after shapoo and gel problems, as my husband is suffering longer then 7 years now of similar problems as you... he cant use any gel or perfumes and many other cosmetic products. he alrady went to specialist and hospital but noone can find any particular reaction in blood or skin that could indicate such an cosmetic allergy. he cannot find a shampoo, nor use gel... if he does, he has the same sideeffects as you have, headachs, eyeproblems, tiredness and sweating all the time. I don't know how to help him.... do you found somthing to your problem? Many thanks for responding.... would be very gratful!!!! Greets from Zurich....
I've been learning a lot of terms recently, which seem to be confusing me more an awful lot. As someone in their early 30's whose had no known health problems, I found myself in hospital last Saturday after something the French doctors called Tetany. I moved to Paris about my experience in a forum where others might have had similar experiences - I'm really keen to get to the bottom of it, as I need to bit fit and healthy to look after my 3 month old.
I have been getting bad headaches above eyes and top of forhead for 4 months. I have bad allergies from skin test determination. ALlergic to every pollen there is and some molds. However, when i am outside, i feel better than inside. When i am in room where its hot, i get headaches bad, eyes red, etc...Worse in airports. High beam lighting makes it worse as well. Head pounds and headaches are worse. Also when i am in a car. When i am outside working or running or what not, it isnt as bad or in a cool room. I also get facial flushing when these attack occurs. Pretty much headache is all day for this long. Had test for sinus infection and it was ok. I taken nasal steriods with no success. No idea whats going on with these headaches. Had red eyes and dry eyes for about 2 years and flushing as well. Could all this be due to inflammed sinuses or should i go to neurologist and see whats going on with these headaches. I also sweat underarms pretty bad when i am hot. Please let me know/
I think I've becomed allergic to bandaids.Joy
My rash is always where the ahesive touched me, not where the gauze touched.Joy
It was one of those cloth bandaid. It warned on the box aboutJoy
Joy, I have the same issue as you. I have sensitive skin and whenever I use a regular bandaid I get a bandaid shaped rash on my skin. It is not a latex allergy because I have used to cloth latex-free bandages and they do the same thing. The only time I do not seem to get a rash is when I use paper tape. Interestingly, my 5-year-old daughter has sensitive skin too and it turns out she gets the same rash I do if a bandaid is kept on for too long!
Does anyone else have my symptoms?? Thanks to anyone who might have the same symptoms.....

Thanks Bikerchik and Red_24.  I have never had acid reflux that I know of.  What is GERD?  I have really never been sick much.  What are the symptoms of acid reflux besides breathing?  Thanks
Are those symptoms what is diagnosed as GERD?  What is GERD? Do you have difficulty sleeping or do you sleep all night?  Does stress make your symptoms worse?  Does the Prilosec control the breathing symptoms?  THanks
Thanks, Bikerchic for all the info.  I am just new to this and trying to find anything I can do but take a strong RX although it might come to that.   Guess I will just try to eliminate things one at a time with the proper medication.  I hope you are doing well.
Puddcat,Joy
.......puddycat  I am signing off. talk with you soon, sure, we can exchange emails.
This has got to be the WORST season ever ever ever for allergies! I feel like I'm falling apart!&nbsp; My daughter is not faring any better and in fact, I had to place her back on allergy meds in addition to her allergy injections.&nbsp; She has been sneezing like crazy and her poor nose.......ugh!
What part of the country Red? Same here in OKC. For several days earlier this spring I walked outside in the morning to find my black car actually with yellowish residue all over it from the thick tree pollen in the air. 
I live in Michigan and yes it's verrrry bad here too!
We practically had to scrape the pollen off our windshields with an ice scraper here in East Tennessee.But at least it doesn't hurt or itch much.
Hi, thanks for reading my post...Thank
yes i have heard that allergy shots can make you worse.  tell the allergist that you feel worse.  this did not happen to me but have heard this from three people so i guess it is true.best wishes to you. (sometimes docs can be dogmatic but i believe you are the best judge of your own body so if doc is unreasonable...try to find someone else!)
I see that this is an old post, but I am having some severe, daily hypersensitivity reactions, which has been going on for months. My more detailed story of my issues is here: http://hypersensitivetolife.blogspot.com/ Thank you for your time and although I would love not feeling alone and finding answers, I hope that your problems did not continue or worsen like mine!!
Hi folks, I'm Rhaevin, from over on the Chronic Pain section, but obviously that's not why I'm here. I'm hoping I can find someone with a similar issue who can maybe give me a little insight as even my "Female" doctor is a little baffled.
I'm so sorry you having to deal with this.  I for one am not giggling because it sounds to be pretty serious.  I do not have this but I have heard of such things happening; although sort of rare.  I can't compare notes with you but I hope someone will come along soon.Colazal(9 daily)/6mp(50mgs)/Bentyl-Prilosec~allergies-Singulair/Zyrtec~Reynauds~OA-Tylonel Arthritis~Scoliosis~Sacroilitis~Dry eye-Restasis~GAD-Klonopin (.25mgs)~Rosacea-Metrogel/Elidel
Wow! What a unique allergy! And I though my sister's allergy was unique- she's allergic to plastic!Joy
As long as I don't use any hair products on my hair, since they all tend to have an ingredient that has estrogen in them, I can use regular toothepaste now. But I stay away from &quot;natural&quot; oral products since they tend to contain some form of estrogen. I don't use hydrogen peroxide anymore. Agave nectar aggravated me. So I use lime water. I get a bottle of organic lime juice that you can cook with, dilute it with water and use a washcloth to wash. My skin is finally softer and I don't use lotion. After I had all my wisdom teeth pulled out by one dentist who eventually moved away, another dentist told me that the sensation I get in my gum line is not from my teeth, It's my sinus. Those symptoms are only present when I use something &quot;estrogenic&quot; on my hair. So I stick to plain water now. If I can digest it, then I can put in on my skin. If it is not edible, than I cannot. Please note: for anyone allergic to plastic, just know that estrogen is used to make plastic softer and more shiny.
I know it has been a long time since any of you wrote on this but I had to share.  I developed a serious sensitivity to anything with any kind of estrogen in it.  I have terrible neuropathy in my arms, legs and face.  The stinging gets so bad I will cry.  I am a certified social researcher and when my doctor couldn't figure it out, I put my skills to work for me.  I am so much better but it took time to figure it all out.I hope this helps people.  I am not a doctor remember.  This worked on me after I experimented upon myself.  I also conducted an extensive and FORMAL literary review of medical studies and sought medical opinion
Hello all. I need your help. I am 23 years old and the doctors have no clue whats wrong with me. My lungs have collapsed twice, my ribs have broken twice (from all of the coughing), I've been on prednisone for 3 years   . It started out&nbsp;with bronchitis. Then when I didn't get any better really, since the cough still remained (and it was even worse at night), they sent me to a pulmonoligist. He said it was sinunsitis and allergy induced asthma. So, we had to treat the sinuses first before I could do allergy shots. I had sinus surgery --most&nbsp;uncomfortable. Then I was treated with a round of antibiotics, singulair, nasonex, advair, albuteral, and I can't remember what else. Then&nbsp;2 months after the surgery, I was in the hospital for collapsed lungs. I was&nbsp;refered to U of Michigan. They did a&nbsp;broncoscopy and every blood test imaginable. Then they did a lung biopsy -- also the&nbsp;worst. They sent samples out to&nbsp;all the top places who all disagreed with each other. Some&nbsp;said bronchiolitis (scarring of the lung tissue), others said&nbsp;just plain asthma.&nbsp;The other weird thing was that my IGE level was elevated to 650, where it should be between 30-40. So, I guess my body was attacking itself.&nbsp;They put me on the injection&nbsp;Xolair (three injections every other week) and began giving me Allergy shots, and I was&nbsp;still on the darn steroids. At this point, I have scars all over my body&nbsp;from the drug, the moon face, and 60 pounds of weight gain in 3 years. 

Hi Meegs,



I see that you have major health problems and I do feel for you.  I have the sinus, rhinitis, allergy stuff myself and where I live in GA is not good but it is home.Pattie
Meegs,
Robert,  a lot of products with your first post, sets off spam alarms, especially when linking to other web sites in that context.

Sorry if I sounded rude.&nbsp; I think we can all understand the spam problem.

Just wanted to give a progress report.&nbsp; I have had chronic sinusitus for about my progress.&nbsp; one more thing.&nbsp;&nbsp; I am using .25 pulmicort on the little plastic containers.&nbsp; They have .5 which i guess i twice as strong.&nbsp; I guess it just depends on how bad it is.

The pulmicort comes by itself in these little plastic things that you squirt in the nebulizer bottle.&nbsp; Before you do this though the doctor had me squirt about 20 minutes before i do my neb.&nbsp; Either entsol bottle or waterpik. A lot depends on how much time i have.
Mark, saline nasal rinses/sprays can be helpful-to be honest, I've never tried them, but a few years ago my daughter's Dr. had her using them...they did seem to help her in addition to other med.'s she was taking.
Mark,

This solicitation is not allowed on this board.  Teri
Teri,



Hi Teri.
Hi Teri.
sure Teri.



Hi Teri.  I'm registered and on board and will be chiming in when appropriate-after I get back from Florida.Rudy
Hello & welcome, rudy!



Good Morning!!  :)


Hi Teri.



I just wanted to say Hello to ya'll and let you know that I'm here! :)
Hope everyone is doing well and that your allergies are on a downward path!  Hugs, Teri :)

I'm in Texas also and it is beautiful... what part of Texas are you in?
Central Texas near the Ft. Hood area!  :)
I'm just outside of Houston :)
Down by the humidity! lol  You take care!  Hugs, Teri :)
Best wishes for a great day, Everyone!  Teri :)
Hi Teri & everyone!


It's sort of gray day so far here and I'm wondering if we'll get more rain today?  Sometimes that sort of helps clear the air for some of the allergies! :)

Hi Teri,  I think that we are pretty much in the same &quot;allergy zone&quot; where we live.  What kind of allergies are active right now?  My hubby and son were sneezing like crazy yesterday.

Hi! :)

It was beautiful today, a little hot earlier but got a little breezy

I'm doing well.  I wish I could say the same for my hubby and son.  Their allergies to just making them miserable.  I filled my son's flonase today and he seems to be doing much better.  How are things with you?  I hope all is well.



Good Morning and Welcome to our new member Scott!! :)
Just came back from Chicago and I am so miserable, the dry windy air made my nose hurt so bad... I am so happy to be home and never thought that I would miss the warmth and humidity here :)


Hi Teri!

Hi All, just wanted to let you know that I'm here and it seems to be turning into another beautiful day~I hope your day is, too!!
Good Morning Everyone! :)

Good Morning Everyone! :)

Hi Everyone!! :)




Have you heard anything new regarding allergies or asthma?!  Please let us know!

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;
Good information Teri!&nbsp; I was reading about that.&nbsp; I've watched my peak flow drop lower and lower these past couple days...finally dropped into the yellow zone last night.&nbsp; We've been having thunderstorms every day with very high humidity.&nbsp; Guess I found another trigger of mine.&nbsp; :D
Hi Lil!

Teri......I do not have COPD but my Mom does  and it is very hard for her to walk any distance without losing her breath .she does have more trouble with the breathing if out in the wind and she also has asthma. Mom has 3 inhalers and the nebulizer machine she uses 3 times daily.She did have oxygen at home but as she is a smoker the respiratory therapist she had coming from vital air suggested that it be removed,and she is ok with the puffers and nebulizer.Mom does not want to quit smoking and she smokes about 2 pks daily .........she is very frail and has other health problems but the COPD will eventually have her on oxygen (she wont be able to smoke ) full time .I do like to get her out of the house for periods of time so that she is not sitting at home by herself,but as I said it usually has to be in nice weather and with no wind.It is very scary to see her get so weak from the COPD...........God Bless



 
Hi Teri,
I love soy milk and my daughter has tried some of the soy products, too and liked them - like the cheese.   She seemed to be allergic to milk at birth, though grew out of it.  It's really rough for kids when they're amongst their peers - how old is your daughter, Sherry?  I was thinking if she was young enough, perhaps you could make arrangements with her teacher for future events?  Best Wishes to both of you!!
Teri, my daughter is 9 turning 10 on August 29th.  But after hearing about


I was just scanning through posts, and I just thought someone might be interested in the evolutionary theory of lactose intolerance :)  


The lactose free milk is actually sweeter then regular milk.  I am not a big milk drinker but this stuff is pretty darn good.  I don't like the soy milk though, it leaves a funny after taste in my mouth.
Sherry, have you tried the vanilla flavored?  I use that on my cereal and it tastes wonderful!  Bunches of Hugs, Teri :)
I don't really like vanilla but the chocolate soy isn't too bad.  I just don't like the regular stuff.
hmmmm chocolate and Kashi? - maybe not?!  lol  Hugs, Teri :)
hi i'm new here and 24 years old. i just got my tonsils removed last week and am reminded of when i was 15/16 and had both my wisdom teeth removed and my gums cut where my 12 year molers had not yet come through in order to hopefully help them come out. 

thanks so much teri! yes i do take care of my body now despite the years of abuse when it came to nutrition and diet. i've been eating disorder free since i was about&lt;333 katie
Hi I'm not usually the type to post on forums but told myself if i found something that treated my chronic urticaria/ hives then i would share that information.Hope you'll achieve the same results as I did with this treatment. And do let us know how it goes.
Hi tam29 and Tayles, welcome to the forum.I hope you are both keeping a food journal with times, what you eat and drink, and your reactions.  My allergist had me do this and it helped enormously in finding my food triggers.
I have been suffering from hives since 2006, it first started the last term of year 10 whilst i was in school. It came out of no where and was angry. It started on my hip bone, it was raised, red raw and painful. As the days went by, it began to spread, quickly. I went to my family doctor who took one look at it and called a dermatologist who diagnosed it as pityriasis rosacea, this was done over the phone and never actually thoroughly looked into. For about 2 months I was covered, head to toe and i mean everywhere. Majority of the time there wasn't a part of my own skin that wasnt covered in welted wheals. It got to the point where parts of my skin almost looked blackened, inside the wheals. Apart from the unbarable itch, it was incredibly painful. At one point, the hives were so inflammed that a single movement sent shooting pains through my body, i couldnt even walk without crying. It was very depressing, i didn;t leave my house at all. I have a peanut allergy as well as asthma and a history of depression. My immune system has never been the strongest and I still frequently get sick. I went to immunologists, dermatologists, GP's, I eliminated everything in my diet, I did EVERYTHING i possibly could, nothing worked. Eventually they died down and went away completely but i had a few fake disappearances for a while there, id be spotless and then it was back with a vengance the next day. At the end of 2007 and into 2008 They were back, I figured it was stress, Id lost a lot of weight by this time and i was frequently coming into contact with peanuts (which now makes my hives come up immediatley). This was not as painful or severe as the first time but i was covered head to toe and they moved to different areas daily. they died down after a good 4 months, through 2009-2012 they would come and go and would be quite small and localised. now since the end of 2012 to present They now focus themselves on the trunk of my body, my hands swell with them and are incredibly painful, my scalp is covered, my lips swell and my neck and even my buttocks and genitals are targets now, they come and go as the please, my antihistamines do nothing for them, they progressively get worse before they die down and move to somewhere else. I feel its a combination of stress and allergy. and ive learnt to control them by ignoring them but that only works temporarily. I know after research that i have not just one type of uticaria as i have experienced, the swelling of the lips and throat, hands and feet, entire body, aches and pins and needles, immediate appearance from contact, and bruising from severe swelling and inflammation. It is a burden, it is something i feel i will never get rid of and i'm at my wits end. I hope i'm not the only one.
Tam29 -Is that 30g of L-glutamine per day?
I registered for this site just to report what worked for me. I searched for a cure for the whole year and a half I had hives and took every test the doctor and allergist gave me. It was chronic, every day with breakouts all over my body. Nothing helped except taking zyrtec every day which made me moody, depressed, anxious, and tired. What finally worked after a year an a half was antibiotics! I went to the dentist and mentioned that I wanted all my teeth looked at because I read on some forum somewhere that a dental infection  was the cause of someone's hives. Well the only other time in my life that I had hives was when I got a few root canals done after years of neglect of my teeth. So this last time at the dentist they checked my gums and same some inflammation around an old root canaled tooth and crown. Long story short, two rounds of antibiotics and treatment of that tooth and my hives are gone. I haven't had to use anything to control the itching for aboutGood luck to everyone researching and dealing with this issue!!! Godspeed.
What worked for me...3 months ago I started receiving monthly shots of Xolair.  From the first day my symptoms completely disappeared.  No hives, no itching, no fatigue.  No recurrence in 3 months.  I stopped taking montelukast after the second dose - now 2 months ago.


 
I wanted to bring this up to anyone looking for allergy help! :)
Hey allergy sufferers,
Hi allergygirl, welcome to the forum.My &quot;true&quot; allergy symptoms can be controlled with Benadryl and Alavert, probably some other antihistamines.  I need Lactaid pills if I eat any form of ice cream or frozen yogurt, and the pills don't help much, even taking 6 of them.  I need heart medication (atenolol) when I eat sulfite because I get rapid heart beat - 140 - 160 bpm, and have had to go to ER for cardioversion.  Still, that's not considered a &quot;true&quot; allergy symptom.
And another thing occurred to me, have I made myself allergic to pecans by eating too many over the years? Same with Strawberries and Banannas. If I eat a banana I can hardly breathe. When I used to b able to eat them all the time.
Yes, that is possible to do...anything eaten frequently has the potential to become an allergen given the right set of circumstances (i.e., inflammation in the gut from food poisoning, infections, etc.).-Razzle
I was first diagnosed with chronic hives 8 years ago when my daughter was 6 months old.  I was broken out everywhere in hives everyday for 6 months.  My stomach was upset and I was having asthma attacks.  I went to so many doctors and no one knew what to do for me except prescribe more prednisone which was making me gain weight and swell.  I was so miserable.  It is the worst type of itchiness imaginable.  A few doctors added a medication here and there and suggested a few combinations of medications that finally worked.  As long as I took these 3 meds, my hives would not come back until it was time to take the meds again.  A few would pop up, but within 30 minutes of taking the meds, the hives would disappear.Hope this is helpful!!
Hi Everybody!  (like MoBr99)  I have Chronic Hives....(9 months now!)... Itching, swelling, welts are now under control... as long as I stay away from heat (any heat!)... and regularly take my meds! I'm now on a prescription drug called Teva-Hydroxyzin 50 mg.... (every 6 hrs).  ~ I tried 25 mg, for the first 5 months and it did nothing!  Dr. up-ed my meds to double... and I saw some improvement, as they would flare up upon a slight nudge of clothing... pants against my legs, or my arms with my tops! It wasn't constant but oh how Frustrating!  Dr. got me through Christmas by suggesting adding an over the counter anti-histamine.... and I can't believe how addition of Aeruis (5 mg) makes all the difference in the world!  I know I haven't got it beat, BUT I now have it under control. Faithfully take my meds every 6 hrs... and I am (was) Normal again.... meaning no flare ups, (due to my shaving my legs and arms every time I feel the slightly stubble!)... and STAY away from ALCOHOL!!!  I had one measly Cider, upon a friends visit, and  those hives were starting to rear their ugly heads again. (remember I said no heat!-- for me its no heat!!!)...I cooked something in the oven last night for my visitor, and she couldn't believe how the heat of the oven caused my hands to swell almost immediately, and I was of course wearing oven mitts!!!  I now swear...no heat, and no alcohol, and I should be back to my so called 'regular' ways in a few days! Menopause, has its demons.... but I will hopefully win this battle.... (as I have read some have suffered from this for over 5 years...some longer!).... Lord have Mercy!... :(
I also suffer from chronic hives and am currently battling an outbreak that always seems to reach its peak during the nighttime hours.  This horrible condition started the last week of June and except for trips to the emergency room being treated with prednisone and antibiotics which gave me short term relief with no break-outs, have started to break out during the night despite the medication that my allergist has prescribed for me.    She has me on 40 mg of Loratadine and 80 mg of Famotidine which seemed to help the month of September and a good part of this month (have been seeing her since the last week of August).  For the last week and one half, have not looked forward to the night time as that is when I break out.  Since our climate here gets cold starting in October, have had to have the heat on, which does not affect me during the day, only at night, believe this is due to my body build up of heat when I sleep.  As I read thru the various posts, identified with the symptoms of Mast Cell Disease of which I have several, including severe headaches and joint pain.  The posts have been very helpful as I have gained so much information and unfortunately, nice to know that I am not alone in this horrible condition.  Even though I have had this disease for a relatively short time, at times, I felt so overwhelmed and alone, although my husband has given me so much emotional support.  In just a few months, I have gone from an active 65+ senior to someone who takes the better part of the morning for the meds to kick in and the hives and rash to temporarily disappear.    I wonder if this why I have had a false positive for Lupus, which was ruled out by a specialist well over a year ago and also have thyroid condition.  As I have an appointment with my allergist in the morning, am going to request she test for Mast Cell Disease and also mention the meds that seem to be working for others on this post.  All of you have given me a lot to think about and for that I am truly grateful.
Had chronic hives for 8 years, this changed my life. Able manage it now. Thank you very much.
After much trial and error, I have finally narrowed my urinary symptoms to the common denominator- sulphite allergy.If anyone else has had similar symptoms, I would appreciate hearing from you.
did you ever find an answer to all this as I am having a torrid time and need help
I have a history of bad sinus problems (had surgery in 2004 and many sinus infections). I also have horrible allergies to dust mites and mold. When I get an allergy shot for the dust mites, my arm swells up from the shot.Before running back off to the doctor, I wanted to see what other people are experiencing.
Hi It's Genetic -I agree with seeing an allergist!
I'm getting better results with my chronic sinus infections and headaches with using Mucinex 12 hour twice a day, than with all the antibiotics and antihistamines I've been given in the last 2+ years.  Sinus surgery only worsened my problems and gave me chronic drippy nose.open.  Have you had a barium swallow to check for hernia and reflux?
Hello, I am new to the community, and hoping to get a few opinions from people who might have an experience similar to mine.Thank you, thank you, in advance, and namaste.
Welcome to the forum, resident.Hope to see you back on the forum.  Remember we're not doctors here, just ordinary people, not prescribing anything.

Hey Teri,Shelley
&nbsp; 
Hi there Teri and everyone.&nbsp; Boy Teri, you've been a busy bee making this forum a warm and happy place!

Those are some great websites, thank you.  If my son continues to get sick, I think I may have him tested again.  The poor kid had the test (can't remember the name) where they stick a needle under the skin to see reactions when he was just 2.  At that age, he wouldn't be able to sit still for the scratch test.  He also had seasonal asthma when he was 5.  So here's to crossing my fingers that his allergies haven't returned (but I do believe they have).


Well I finally took my daughter into see the dr about

Thanks Teri.  The mother in me is cringing at the thought of my daughter being on a steroid for any length of time.  Of course most my experiences for steroids revolve around my own illness where steroids are heavy duty and has a lot of side effects.  So I'm to assume since this is safe for long term that these are not the same kind of steroids?  (Prednisone is the steroid of choice with us Uc'ers).  I tried Flonase for a while myself.  I stopped after it gave me such a severe head cold turned brochitis thingy.  I'm one of the lucky few that if an insert says a side effect might happen, it will happen!

v. stewart, the guidlines of this forum state that there will be no solicitation of this sort.
hi.&nbsp; my son was just given pulmicort by his doctor for his asthma.&nbsp; he has yet to start taking the med and i really don't know that much about it.&nbsp; i found some info about the&nbsp;drug at 

thanks so much teri!&nbsp; this def helps a bit, and i am feeling more comfortable with the medication every time my son takes it.&nbsp; i have not spoken yet to our pharmacist specifically about the drug, but that is great advice, i'm not really sure why i didn't think of it before.&nbsp; thanks again, and i'll be sure to keep you posted.

My 8 year-old takes Pulmicort for a few weeks any time he has the first signs of a cold, and throughout the worst of his pollen season (May and June at least). This is his 2nd or 3rd year on it. At first I didn't have him use it enough because I was worried about it's being a steroid, but eventually his allergist reassured me that the low dose is unlikely to cause any problems. The allergist said that Pulmicort provides great prevention by keeping the lungs in good shape, so my son is less likely to have asthma symptoms (and be less likely to need rescue med's). He used to do the respules, though he hated the mask and having to protect his eyes. Now he uses the inhaler, and though I'm not convinced that he's consistent at inhaling it very well, I like that he doesn't mind it and that it's quick.  I still worry a little, but it seems much better than having symptoms!

I like talking to myself! lol :)

Riley and Jill,
Thanks. We've been having rain every day. While for most people that is not good news, for us it's great since the rain keeps washing the pollen out of the air. So, all is well!

Almost. 
You all may have Candida.This Candida infection can have far reaching consequences and I could probably post the info to almost every category on this forum. This thing can affect people in many different ways.
 
Thanks for the info Teri.  Wow... Acetaminophen is supposed to be the safest pain reliever/fever reducer out there.  I can't take aspirin or ibuprofen anymore so I started taking acetaminophen.   I guess that goes to show there is NO safe medication out there.

I haven't heard anything new on this, but wanted to bump this up so newer members could read this.

Hi Everyone!  Just wanted to bump this one back up! :)
G'day fellow allergy people, Just Keep Swimming
JustKeepSwimming, do you suffer from allergies as well?  It seems that most everyone has found something in their lives that has caused them a problem or two!  Take care.

Alpha Gal allergy also known has Delayed Reaction food allergy. The reaction usually occures 4-6 hours after eating. Everything I have read says YES only a tick bite. Since this is such a new discovery, this theory could be disproved. Good luck!
Alice, Deb
&nbsp;

&nbsp;
Thank you.
I have heard this from many of my kids pediatricians but is it possible for them to actually get sick from their allergies?&nbsp; They say that it's impossible to get sick from your allergies but it seems that as soon as their allergies act up, they end up with either a sinus infection or a cold.&nbsp; Is it a coincidence?&nbsp; I myself have never actually gotten sick from my allergies before though I have had laryngititis with it. (total laryngititis! I had to just wag my finger at the kids for misbehaving instead of yelling....it stunk!)

Thanks Teri, that makes sense.  I just wish those drs would explain those kind of things instead of saying nope it doesn't cause illnessses and leave it at that!  It's like the peds saying that a teething baby don't get fevers.  
Off Topic...usually if a teething baby runs a fever, it may be from the same thing-a stressed out, lowered in resistance body easily picks up many things!  Poor babies!! :(
Hello,Ciao :D
&nbsp;


Thanks, Peter!  Teri :)

Ok, I'll bite  
Wide-eyed, hey? lol  I'm not telling yet, Sherry.  I was hoping we'd get a few more takers here!  
I believe that we are more susceptible to different diseases and disorders if our parents and close relatives have them but not inherit the diseases itself.  
Let's give this a day or two, and then I'll spill my guts!! lol



hehehe, maybe I can have a C too???  Actually I've read that about


Thats interesting and a coincidence that you mention this.  I have very rare and occasional allergy problems but I have started writing down the times where I will have &quot;sneeze attacks&quot; and so forth and I have noticed that it seems to happen more around my ovulation time.  Of course, I just started this a few months ago but I was starting to see a pattern as well.

Has anyone here tried Xolair for allergies?
Best of luck with it, Denise. It seems fairly obvious from the side effects that at the very least the immune system is compromised by this medication ~ but of course you are the best judge as to whether or not an improved quality of life balances out or outweighs the risks involved. I can empathize, as I tend to stay indoors 98% of the time. It would drive most people bonkers ~ and perhaps I am a little crazier because of it! LOL!Steffanie



Its vital to also take magnesium with your calcium (ratio 3-1) or the calcium this if you need one.

Continued...another article on Sleep Apnea




Howdy.  I thought I'd sniffle my way over here after I found out that Teri was the moderator.  No, that didn't scare me off....it actually enticed me to visit.  Strange, huh?
&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;  
........Teri ...Back to my Cait ,when she is under stress and gets into panic mode her asthma will act up twofold ..........I have tried teaching her the breathing exercises and they seem to help a bit with it ....Take care and God Bless .........Lyn&nbsp;

..Teri ......Cait is just 15 has had asthma since little ,born with pneumothorax(sp).......and she loves yoga ,I will check into a Tai Chi program as I am sure she would not only benefit from it but enjoy it as well ........Hope you are having a great day today ........take care and yak later ......God Bless ......Lyn&nbsp;
Hi Lyn! :)Best wishes and Hugs to you both!! Teri :)
&nbsp;


Yes!  They do have more there - this time I saw a long sleeved t-shirt that I loved!! :)  

Great article Teri!

Lil, I hope you are doing okay today?!  Please take care!

v.stewart, this is not allowed due to forum rules.
I started allergy shots at the beginning of January. I'm getting them once a week. I have many allergies -- dust mites, cats, penicillins, molds, and various grasses and trees.Has anyone else experience fatigue from allergy shots?
Throughout my life I have suffered with sinus infections that last 6-8 weeks every time I get a head cold or bad nasal allergy episode.&nbsp; These are very painful and debilitating events that cause me to have to take large rounds of several powerful antibiotics, and these don't do much more than throw me into extended diarrhea for weeks afterward.

Hi y'all,


&nbsp;&nbsp; 

I've been taking inhaled corticosteroids twice daily and I'm still having problems with asthma...recently my Dr. increased my Advair discus from 250/50 to 500/50 and it's still not under control.  In between, I was on Combivent, which didn't work and then a pulmonologist put me on Spirva (sp?) and it, too didn't work...so I'm seeing a new pulmonologist (insurance thing) and we'll see what happens with this appt.  Apparently they are not so willing to give out the Kenalog (steroid) injections as much as before, due to a problem that can occur with your bones.  My PFT's showed up mild emphysema, asthma and something else...so I'll keep you posted!!

Teri.........My brother suffers terribly from allergies and has severe asthma .he had the operation for the polyps yrs ago but they will come back and now he does use the nasel drops and tells me it does work ,and gives him much relief from the sinusitus...........hope you are well ........take care and God Bless ..Lyn&nbsp;

Hiya, I am 18 years old, I am always getting cistitis and its really nasty and was just wondering if anyone knows anything bout it or has any ideas as to why I get it so often or what I can do to get rid of it for good   I would say I get it every 3 weeks or so. I've tried drinking cranberry juice but it doesnt really help, I've tried not eating salty foods, I've been to the doctor who was no help at all and Im starting to get stuck for things to do!! Its driving me crazy!!!

This is an allergy forum and any references to other health issues must be dealt with by your own Dr., or perhaps looking into another forum here at HealingWell.

&nbsp; 

.........Teri .......This is wild ,my Cait has asthma and has since being a wee one well the point here is she ALWAYS had mice ,gerbils everything you can think off ........and now that I think back if she had them out petting and playing with them she would be awfully wheezey..........you are a fountain of info ......am gonna check out that link ,thanks hun ................BTW...........you are a bird lover ?......me too I have cockateils here coming out my you know what lol .........I just love them and of course Cait has cats and Howie a dog ........no wonder I have anxiety and panic ........roflmao.........also you take care and know that we dont want you sick .......Have a great supper out and God Bless ........Lyn&nbsp;









Hey Teri :)
Yes, it's a very good question! ... I would also like to see what others think, experience? I find this super interesting and plan on doing a bit of studying on it. 
bumping this one up!  :)

 

Hello and welcome to Healing Well! It sounds like you have the same thing as me. Are you claustrophobic by any chance? I am and that helps trigger anxiety attacks. Also, when you have one, do you get dizzy, short of breath, and/or do your limbs start to get shaky? That happens to me when I am around alot of people or when I get nervous. I also get like that when I do exercising too. What I do is sit down somewhere and take deep breaths. Usually after about 5 or 10 mins. tops, the feeling goes away. I hope this helps you!!



Nicola, hoping today finds you feeling a little better...Hugs, Teri :)
I was born with Asthma.I learned as a child NOT to panic when I had trouble breathing.I still do not panic,&amp; use my inhaler as I'm supposed to.

I'm doing fine.



 
Bumping this one back up.  :)


ok...I've had the lung fuction test and from that, my pulmonologist told me I had moderate to severe asthma.&nbsp; That was a couple months ago.&nbsp; I met with him today and he wants me to have another lung function test.&nbsp; 





bumping this up...


I've had Asthma all my life,never heard of dry asthma either.

 



Oh, it seems like there may have been a system glitch last night. Someone had posted about
Keah,
Hey Jeannie,
&nbsp;&nbsp; Hi Teri! I'm not sure if I have allergy but that is what the doctor said about my life sucks, I know it kinda sound crazy, maybe I am..Thanks for your time....

Hi Teri, the doctor that i went to gave me a nasal spray called Budecort and a tablet named Cetirizin and the other one I don't really know. Somehow it works when I took it last year when my severe rhinitis or whatever it is attack me, but somehow the physical effect of the rhinitis did not disappear, like the kind of swelling look of my nose. I have to admit I did not finish the whole medication bec. I got scared of going to the doctor bec. I always end up spending a thousand pesos everytime I go there. And now, my rhinitis return and it 's making me more and more miserable, I just feel like I always end up on the losing end. Just when I thought I'm gonna be okey I end up suffering again,it really sucks. For 17 yrs. I've been feeling down, although I haven't been to a doctor about


I just went to the doctor last Monday and he gave me the nasal spray Budecort,a capsule named Cloxacillin and a small tablet I cannot figure out the name, he told me to return after 10 days which I don't have  plan of doing, I just spent 1,600 pesos for that one time visit. I admit my depression is like getting worse, since I was 13 I already have this feeling of constant sadness, crying almost every night and just feel like I will never be happy for the rest of my life. Last year I suddenly feel good about
Hi Karlo!    


Karlo....Hi and sorry to hear of all you are going thru ........I dont have allergies,I have crohns and I also suffer from anxiety /panic and depression...........There are alot of great people on the depression forum.......as well as on the other forums......as you can see Teri is very caring and worried about&nbsp;
Cigarette smoke is aan irritant that always induces asthma attacks for me.  I try to avoid it, but it's difficult living where I do.  My biggest problem is I can't go to restaurants or bars (I'm 26) with friends or co-workers because all the local places allow smoking.  There are weekly get-togethers for my office at a nearby sports bar and I'm always left out.  Consequently, I find it hard to make friends or go out anywhere, since I've run into smokers lighting up right outside places like the shopping mall.I am wondering if anyone has any advice on how I can stop being so sensitive to smoke.  I take Singulair and am able to run, cycle, and other various activities with no problems.

bump :)
Is there anyone else with Oral Allergy Syndrome?
Hello Teri!  I am doing fine.  I was curious to know if anyone else has Oral Allergy Syndrome.  I don't know of anyone else.  I also have asthma and allergic rhinitis.  This season has been absolutely dreadful!!



Hmm... I didn't know &quot;itchy mouth&quot; feeling actually had a name! Nice to know I'm also not alone :)  I get itchy mouth sometimes from fruits, its very annoying because I love fruit! My other food allergy, tree nuts, also gives me an itchy mouth and sometimes hives on my lips. Very annoying, but much more mild than my one-time anaphylactic reaction. I also have hay fever and all that, so its curious to see that with respiratory allergies that pollen from fruits can actually be causing the itchy mouth. Interesting!

I went to the Dr.awhile ago.He said I have an allergy to something.My face is swelled up,lips  too.Can't think of anything I've eaten in the last week.
I saw a Dr this afternoon.Talked to my Dr.this eve.he said for me to come in tomorrow if things arent better after having the steroids.
My lips are normal again,still have crusts around my mouth.Still hurts to eat,but was able to take my medications.I still have an appt.on Tues to see my Dr.so will go then for sure.


Well the Dr gave me some carafate/lidocane to slosh around my mouth & lips,which helps.We went uptown to eat & had an omelet,soft cooked hashborowns.Tasted great,but the numbness wore off so now my mouth is on fir,lol.time to ricse again.I go back on Tues.

Anything citrus,or acidy.

Hi Teri, OAS, I read that there was a small percentage of people that actually have a reaction like that.  Now that I know what causes it, I know not to eat a fruit if causes the itching in the first place.  As far as the soda, I'm not sure why she suggested it to me, but I read something yesterday saying that it strips your throat.  That was just something that someone mentioned on a bulletin board somewhere, so I don't know what kind of research is behind it.  All I know is that it worked for me.

Well the Dr thinks as of yesterdat It's impetago.I have  Bactroban cream 2% & it's working only after the second application of 3 a day.YIPPIE!!!

Hi i ve only just joined but was trying to find out some more about oas. I ve been trying to work out why i have had bad itching around my mouth and hands when i touch certain foods&nbsp;for nearly a year now.&nbsp;Thought it was just eczma or&nbsp;something cause sometimes thats what it looks like. What symptons do you get.&nbsp;





Ok, this is a little late to add to this discussion . . .  allergies as he was dispensing some medicine, and when I stated that I was allergic to seafood/iodine, he said that some tropical fruit allergies can go hand in hand with sever seafood allergies - for some people!! I have stayed away from all tropical fruit since then, and I have had no other instances!! Today/soon I will find out *for sure* what those allergies really are!!
Yes, I did go in for testing.&nbsp; It did not go well - even though I did not do the 'scratch' test for shellfish, as the Dr. thought it was too risky with my history of anaphyl. reactions.&nbsp; I had an anaphyl. reaction to the histamine, which is the control in the scratch test.&nbsp; I ended up in the hospital, so it was not good.&nbsp; I do know that I have severe reactions, so now I have my epi pens and&nbsp; inhaler and medi-bracelet.&nbsp; I was also told that mango is not necessarily like other tropical fruits, so I will just need to stay away from that one, rather than all.&nbsp; I took my blood test today, a week later, so in a week or so I'll go back in and confirm that I don't have any other allergies to food.&nbsp; When my scratch test went so badly, they wiped all the allergens off of my arms immediately so that I would not react to multiple things, so the test was really no good for anything other than showing my severe reaction to the histamine.&nbsp; Of course, in 'real life' I won't ever be getting a large or even small! dose of histamine, so that should not be an actual problem.&nbsp; My dr. was totally suprised by my reaction, and of course so was I.&nbsp; I'll keep you posted on my results of blood test, if anything shows up.&nbsp; I feel good for now.&nbsp; :)
Hello 

I have this as well. It started out with bananas and carrots, but now it has gone to all fruits and some vegetables. A bit of lettuce, tomato, and cucumber are the only things that won't bother me, as well as canned/baked/cooked fruits and veggies. I miss eating cherries and nectarines!
I'm seventeen and have had OAS for a few years. I do have a question for anyone who can answer it, though: has anyone with OAS ever eaten a cooked vegetable and had a reaction? Pumpkins, in particular.

Wow Teri, thats great. Maybe that can help me. We still dont know whats wrong with me so my Mom just might take me to a dr. in Chicago. And I'm not on a inhaler or anything. It's weird.

Great site!&nbsp; I check my weather on accuweather.com.&nbsp; It tells me the pollen and air quality next to my forecast.&nbsp; I love that.
well terrythanks

Hello. Earlier this summer, my daughter broke out in this really weird looking rash that kept disappearing and reappering in diffrent spots. i had no idea what it was, so I took her to the ER. They told me it was hives and just to give her benadryl. Well although benadryl and creams and oat baths work great, she's getting them almost everyday!!! And i feel so bad for her cause she looks miserable and it makes her cry. I told her doctor at the time and he told me it wasnt anything big. Well now im in the process of finding her&nbsp;a new doctor, can I demand they give her tests to see whats causing the hives, or is there even a test?? I really wish I could find whats causing them, they started out of nowhere and I spent days after her first attack seeing if i used anything new, like soaps or perfume or cleaners.. and I hadn't bought anything diffrent then what i've always used. I know sometimes their's no known cause for them. She also has suffered from asthma since she was a newborn and gets lots and lots of runny noses and watery eyes. We have no pets either. SO again my question is, is there tests that can be done to test for whats causing her hives. I'm just wanting to know so i know what to ask when i call within the next few days to find her another doctor. AND any information I should know about hives would be great. THANK YOU

My Dr.now is pretty sure I have Impetago.Darn!! I'll get a antibiotic cream for it this morning as the pharmacy was closed last note.
hi, the prednisone also worked for my 9yr old, but she was having a reaction to amoxicillin..my oldest used to get hives all the time when she was little..and only in the summer time...we could not figure out anything...same as you we checked soaps etc...i still thinking it was something outside from her playing in the grass or in the air causing it...it almost sounds enviromental with the runny nose etc..hope you find some answers..its very hard when they are little..good luck..ems
Hello. Thankyou so very much for the replies. I've forgot to mention that my daughter has been on singulair for about-hellokitty22
Hello~Kitty,
I have been on Pulmicort for about 8 months. I am going off it     so far 1 day. Any problem just stopping abruptly.   The reason for the stop, I recently had a number of infections and i think my immune system is off.
....Hi Bobbyboy,and I would like to welcome you as well .......Teri is so right about&nbsp;






Lol, Heidi!  

What are your allergy woes?  I have asthma and it's year round - though it's pretty well controlled with Advair......it's nice to know you are not alone - with 50% of America sharing the pollen!
&nbsp;
My sulphur/sulfite allergy has gotten much worse over the past few weeks!!!  It started with the liver flush a couple weeks back, then the colonics (after the second one I had a huge candida intestinal yeast flare up).  And then stupidly I took NutriCology liquid molybdenum (ammonium molybdate) which caused ammonia sleep issue.I have Lyme, mercury, MTHFR, etc.
Hi there, I know that there is already a post about OAS, but I thought I would put another one as this one is slightly different.

Thank you very much Teri16! Again, thank you so much for your help!
Thank you for the websites Teri16! Those websites, along with some research I did told me exactly what I need to be taking for my age.Thank you for all the help!!


I just wanted to bring this one back up!  Hugs, Teri :)






Don't forget to check out the Library here on HealingWell!!  :)

hi terri so nice to be able to talk to you.&nbsp; i have had asthma for l0 years, and use inhalers, i had a sinus operation 7 months ago, and my asthma got a lot better. until this month with all the humidity.&nbsp; my daughter sent an environmentalist over to my house (and pd for it) to see if anything in the house was bothering me.&nbsp; he immediately went to the laundry room and said "dont you smell that" and i said "no" well it seemed that 4 months ago i had put 2 big closets in the room , they were inexpensive from home depot.&nbsp; well he said that they were emitting formaldehyde fumes, and thats what was causing my bronchial and allergy problems. and the reason that it took so long to&nbsp; cause the problems was because the recent high humidity caused the closets to cure and smell.&nbsp; before i remove the closets into the garage, does this make any sense to anyone out there.&nbsp; i did smell the closets really bad when they were installed, but then i guess i got immune to the smell when he asked me if i smelled it.&nbsp; i would very much appreciate anyones input on this. oh the closets are particleboard, and he said that this emits a very strong volatile&nbsp; odor and is a common air &nbsp; thank you very much
hi terry. thanks for the reply, but my question was do you think this formaldehyde fumes thing is a lot of baloney, or do you think that i should remove the closets.  did you have hear of this causing the respiratory problems i.e. bronchial asthma.  and you said that you had some more info for me how do i get it from you.  i am really inexperienced at this  computer.    thanks terri.  hope you are well.    hugs,  joanie
thanks loads terri, thats it the closet GO . i will call a carpenter tomorrow,  i may put them in the garage before i throw them out, or sell them.  wonderful article.  i did see a few articles on the computer,  but did not want to believe them (love those closets they look so nice in the laundry rm), but your article was the best and really opened my eyes.   many thanx   joanie  talk to you soon
Hi Teri, so I suppose I could be alergic to that aswell.
I have had an annoying cough for the longest.  Went to every doctor and had a bunch of tests done from asthma to GERD. All negative.  Found it it was like a combo of allergies and post nasal drip.  Went on Zyrtec and it helped.  That was a year ago.  Now, I think the Zyrtec isnt working.  2 months ago, I added Singulair to my meds.  I also added Flonase, Astelin, Nasonex and Rhinocort.  Helped a little.  But I still feel the need to cough throughout the day to clear some mucus or sometimes it clears nothing yet I still have the urge to cough----althouh not nearly as often as I did!  Could the Zyrtec have no effect anymore since I have been taking it everyday for a year?  What other allergy meds and nasal sprays would be right to fight the PND and allergies?  Thank you for any help.I am also a year into allergy shots...who knows if they are even working. lol
Hi thanks for your reply..and I am taking all that together..Zyrtec, Singulair, Nasonex, Flonase, Rhinocort, Astellin..seems to be working but I just cant get rid of this PND all the way. Maybe switching from Zrtec to something else is the key....


Hi Teri,



We've recently added our new&nbsp;" HealingWell.com&nbsp;and you'll be helping to support your favorite web site&nbsp;at the same time.

sorry Teri, it was a spur of the moment thing that I just decided to go ahead with :)
&nbsp;


Have any of you tried any alternative ways to help your allergies?  Please share with us.
We've&nbsp;just added another new t-shirt design to the&nbsp; your favorite web site!
Wow, you are coming up with some great logos!!  Hugs, Teri :)
Not super creative I know, but send any ideas to admin@healingwell.com and I'll consider them :)

&nbsp;
 
I just wanted to keep this one near the top, so others would be aware of this new drug!
This would certainly be a godsend !  My G.P. wants me to go back in Nov. for a test.  She said that she thinks I have COPD issues.  Well, I've been doctoring for 6 yrs for asthma so I guess she expects other problems. Thanks for this post.
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:

Yes, that's me!  I'm also allergic to outdoor pollens, like Trees, Grasses, Weeds and Molds!  
I used to have hay fever and had it since I was around 10,  I start supplementing Omega 3 at the beginning of this year and I didn't get any noticable hay fever this summer.

Is there a certain part of the US that doesn't have as muchAnnie

Thank you for your information! 


&nbsp;

Do you have this problem being short of breath?  If you do, what do you think is causing it?  Do you have Asthma??


Thanks for the link Teri.  Very true and very inspiring.  Having a chronic illness is not easy but, at least for me, I feel that it has made me a stronger person then I was before being diagnosed.


40 years old... I had a case of pneumonia that went on and on... and when I returned to my doctor for my second follow up visit he diagnosed the asthma. I've been on emergency inhalers for the last 13 years. The amazing thing to me was the way he diagnosed it. He told me my childhood... Said, &quot;You were a bookworm, right? Did n't like to play baseball and had trouble keeping up with the other kids running? Had trouble with swim class... One or both of your parents smoked...&quot; It was weird the way he knew all of it...




I encourage everyone to give as much as you can to help the refugees&nbsp;from the Hurricane Katrina disaster in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and elsewhere.&nbsp; This is the largest natural disaster to ever strike the United States and it looks like help will be needed for a long time&nbsp;to come.&nbsp; If we all pull together and give, we can make a difference in people's lives.&nbsp; &nbsp;

I have like many others been watching all the news of the devastation that Katrina has left behind.&nbsp; This is just awful - the conditions that the people have endured!&nbsp; They have lost everything except what they could carry in a bag!&nbsp; Many, many of them have lost their loved&nbsp;ones!! Many will never recover their photos, or their personal items ever again.&nbsp; They will have to start completely over.


...Teri ...I see my Mom all the time with her asthma annd she has COPD.....emotions and stress sure play a big part in her illness. She worries about&nbsp;

all these years i have seen my mother suffering from asthma and take medicines which gives her only temporary diseasereally asthma is a killer disease

I'm suffer from an allergy to peanuts and heard there is a new smaller epipen, does anyone know if this is true? Thanks

What should I discuss with my healthcare provider before taking ibuprofen?	• 	Store ibuprofen at room temperature away from moisture and heat.



Wow thats interesting. Who would of thought. 
Hi, I've missed you - hoping all is well with you firemt?!  
hey teri! firemt
wow...I never would have thought.&nbsp; One phrase got me..."using it [inhaler] to increase alertness or get high."&nbsp; Ummm...I hate to use my inhaler!&nbsp; I makes me all jittery.&nbsp; My pf was down this morning so I've already had to use four puffs...my hands are shaking like mad!&nbsp; I just don't understand using it to get high.&nbsp; 


Lil, I'm sorry to hear that you are having such a hard time with this darned asthma! That is a lot, but if you had a nebulizer, that's in there, too. :) I am glad you have that Prednisone for a back up!!Hope you feel better soon!!
Oh my a ruptured disc! ... Yes that can be VERY painful! Hope everything works out with that!fireMT
Hey,

Breathing?&nbsp; Important?&nbsp; Heck, I'm addicted to it!&nbsp; I feel like I'll die if I ever stop.&nbsp;    



.....Teri ,hi hon hope you are well i have a question for you .....my daughter is on a puffer called Bricanyl and as soon as she has her dose she is violently shaking and will do it for at least an hour after ....is this normal I dont know much about  

Thanks Teri .....I will check it out thought it was a reaction myself ......be well and God Bless...........Lyn&nbsp;

Thanks Teri I sure will .........you be well and God Bless.........Lyn

.......Hi Teri......yes the doc put her on ventolin,atrovent and flovent......she has a neubulizer but does not have to use it unless in a real bad one ........Thanks for your concern and you take care and God Bless...........Lyn ...........BTW those 3 puffer's are working ans she gets a little shaky but nothing serious like when on that other one .......thk God .....Be well...................Lyn&nbsp;


Do you have Asthma and Bowel Disease?  
That's pretty interesting Teri.  I have been told that I am at risk for asthma too because I have an IBD and also when the seasons change, us IBD'ers sometimes have an increase of flare ups due to our allergies as well.  My Uc is in remission but usually in the fall and spring, I pop out of remission and require additional medication to stop my flares.  

I just read your posts.  Thats interesting.  Could all of this be to a poor immune system?  I'm 57.  Since the age of 12 I've hadAnnieC
My little brother was born with several lung problems which made him very prone to asthma and allergies.&nbsp; The smallest things would send him into an attack.&nbsp; 
Hi Miranda, 
I am glad that your brother is doing better! :)
Here is the link to Part one:*, IBS, Diverticuliar Disease, Fibro, Sacroiilitis, Raynauds, OA, PA, Rosacea, Psoriasis, Dry Eye and allergies controlled by Zyrtec and Singular
 Today, I only took the Sudafed and the antihistamine. It took HOURS, but finally my nose is calm. I hope it stays that way.





This is a good article and though it's a new discovery re the heart - it never hurts to know about

Hi Everyone,

&nbsp;
Whoa
I am a 71 yr old female, have a history of blood clots, 2 to be exact within the past 4 years in my right leg, have been permanently placed on Warferin to keep my blood thinned, also on Sotolol  after a 12 yr history of bouts with Sinus Tachacardia.Question is, is there an over the counter cough med that would not interfere with my health situation? Thanks!
Been having sinus inflammation, and cogestion been on to different antibioticthat relieve itself when I rasie with the saline. I'm just worried cause I haven't been able to get better with two courses of antibiotics.  Has anyone experience this before, and if they did how the they resolve this problem that making me feel unable to function,  please help.
We  need to make more people aware of the danger in sulphites. I have a friend who is severely allergic to sulphites, sulfates, sulfur and affiliated preservative chemicals. There is no know antidote yet, just having to stay away from such foods containing certain ingredients. Her reactions vary from a swelling in her hands to full blown swelling of her face, throat and tongue(very scary). There are other symptoms for people; like bloating, upset stomach or even diarrhea. The worst is a chemically induced sleep. Should you wish to know more or just need a little help in dealing with it, please leave a note. Or should you have found some foods safe to eat or a restaurant that is willing to cook a special dish for you, let us know too. We are not doctors but we have done a lot of research on the topic.
Hi,Cholecystectomy July 24, 2014
I have allergies too, I'm allergic to mold, dust mites, cock roaches and some fir trees. I was tested when I visited a allergist. But why does my nose on the outside sometime itch so bad I go nuts. When I wake in the morning my nasal passages start to kinda burn and then my outer nose skin starts the itchiness and then the sneezing or mostly runny nose, constant blowing. I have this all year long, it's really bad now that it's spring. Anyone else's nose itch on the outside, the whole nose?
I usually post in a different forum, but I'd like to ask those of you who frequent this one about allergies to the contrast dye used in CT scans. I had a very scary episode a week ago where I went into anaphylactic shock after the dye was injected. It was severe enough that I stopped breathing & had a seizure, among other scary things. Has anyone here had this happen to you? If so, how long did you feel ill? I'm still not feeling well. I'm working full time but by 11 am or so I'm so tired it's really hard to keep going. I've gone home early most days & now I'm getting in trouble. Any experiences from others who have gone through similar situations would be helpful.
I started having tongue swelling about a year ago.  My allergist said that it is not an allergic reaction to medication or food but rather idiopathic angioedema  I am taking Zyrtec, Zantac, allegra, hydroxizine and am now on a course of steroids.  It usually starts in the early morning hours with a hive on the back of my tongue which eventually leads to my entire tongue swelling.  It seems to be happening every two weeks now and my allergist is considering a daily dosage of steroids.  I am just not accepting that they cannot determine what is causing this.  Has anyone had this experience and what have you done to stop the madness.....
I started Allergy Shots/Immunotherapy about two weeks later I start the shots, I cannot function I am so tired. I sleep any chance I get or am having to use caffeine in large amounts which makes me feel even worse. Has Anyone stopped the immunotherapy due to these side effects? Its debilitating and affecting my work and family. I want to sleep all the time.
Sometimes I get sudden scratches or long welts that look like scratches on my neck, is this from an allergy?
Hi all!Leah
I caught a nasty cold and it is beating me up with my asthma.Pick them up and throw them right back at them! :))
Hello allWhat else can I do to solve this problem? I dont know what else to try, any advice most appreicated.
Hello, just wondering if asthma symptoms can persist every day, every second of the day and night, for months and months.Has anyone felt asthma last for almost a year? I tried inhalers and they had 0 effect.
Greetings,All suggestion wil be appreciated.
I have Rhinitis and have used every nasal spray there is with no effect, other than Vicks Decongesant which worked like a miracle BUT 1 day later when it wore off I was worse than I was at the start! So I just dont know what to believe? anyone help?
Hi everyone,
Hi guys, Hope you're all well.
Hey guysHas anybody seen any good results regarding chronic cough and quiropractic treatment aligned with the other classic and/or formal treatments?
I get hives when i work up a sweat. It only happens in winters for some reasons. Its really frustrating. have anybody else experience similar symptoms? Any suggestions for treatment, supplements, anything that helps?
Has anybody ever experienced a lasting effect from the Methacholine Test, I had the test done almost a month ago and had a severe asthma attack.  The problem is I am still having very bad asthma almost a month later?  I had very little problems before the test?
Hi all , My son is 7 and last week he was very sick with a throat infection. The doc decided to do a Cbc to check for mono. It was negative but his wbc was elevated a little doc said it was from the infection . Well he had to go back and get bloodwork again this past Saturday and the results came back with his wbc being low (3.9) could this be from the antiobiotoc he's on? Everything else looked good . I'm having a lot of anxiety over this issue. Anyone else kids been through this. Thanks
Hiya, I'm new here and have been prescribed Prednisone for an allergy and alopecia for three months, my doses being 30mg for one month, 20mg for one month and 10mg for my final month. I'm really concerned about
At first it was Milk which caused me bloating, gurgling, discomfort, and diarrhea. 
hi I am new here.  I have been sick for years, but mainly the last 4 years 2 of me being bedridden practically.  given up and said    I was just going to die.
I've taken zpak many times for bronchitis and never had issues with my skin itching but this time I do
have been waking up with these gout like symptoms so my podiatrist recommended something.  think this drug gave me very bad gastrointestinal problems and very bad gas.feel bummed out
I've been on prednisone for two weeks at 30mg but it's not actually helping me and I don't like being on this drug anyway. I was wondering, can I start tapering now and if so, how slowly must I do so?? I'm only 18 so I really do not have any desire to be on this awful drugion was: 30mg for 4 weeks, 20mg for 4 weeks and then 10mg for 4 weeks, i want to discontinue my dose ASAP)
Hello all, Jamie
Anyone else have major side effects from inhaled steroids? My 15 yr old is struggling and wondering what other people who have lots of side effects from inhaled steroids have ended up on instead. Works great for her lungs but the side effects trash her quality of life.... She's had asthma since she was 10 but has been maintained up till last fall with just an albuterol rescue inhaler. So far she's tried QVAR, Aerospace and Asmanex. She ended up taking QVAR(2 puffs QVAR 40 twice a day) since October as it had the fewest side effects for her but even those have become intolerable. Side effects on the QVAR were anxiety, a hand tremor when she exercises, racing brain, insomnia, food tasting different and nausea.  The nausea didn't start till she was on QVAR for 3 months. Six weeks of nausea (almost no vomiting, just nausea) with every meal resulted in her dropping a lot of weight and getting down to 85 lbs (she's 15 and 5'2&quot;). We only figured it out by accident when she took her morning dose after breakfast one day rather than before. Her pediatrician has pulled her off the QVAR for now to give her body a chance to recover some weight. Her lungs are worse but at least she's able to eat and gain back weight and all the other side effects have stopped. The nausea has steadily improved every day she's been off of it. She's also had a lot of what the pediatrician thinks is withdrawal from the steroid - fatigue, shakiness and dizziness. After 10 days off those are finally backing off too.... Know with the cough and achy lungs she needs to get back on something soon and we'll be seeing the allergist and pulmonologist but would love to hear others experiences..... Thank you!
Does anyone suffer from Rhinitis, either the allergic type or the other type (I think vascular?) I can't breathe because my nose is so dry inside in the winter months. I can't sleep either. It is horrible, like you are suffocating. I also have sleep apnea, most likely due to this. I can't use my CPAP machine in the winter, as it dries me out more. I think it is either caused by the weather conditions when it become dry and cold, or by indoor allergies. I feel mine is caused by the dryness in my home in the winter months, but I don't know that for sure, but it is annoying. I wash my bedding a lot in case it is dust mites, including my duvet and its cover. I hate this, does anyone have any other suggestions? A way to get rid of this once and for all?
I recently suffered anaphylaxis shock to an unknown allergic. Am currently waiting to see an allergist. I am just wondering if anyone out there who has suffered such an attack can tell me how long it took to recover. I am one week post incident and still don't feel well no energy, sometimes minor chest pain.
Hi all, 
Hi!Has had C. Diff 4 times
Hi everyone!
I been getting this weird feeling on the side back tounge that feels like hair or something (sounds ridiculous) just wanted to find out if this is allergies maybe.i been to the Doctors and they don't see anything and that it looks fine.It doesn't hurt at all.
So I have read a lot aboutThanks in advance. Maybe we can help give each other hope that there are good products out there that will help us heal.
Why you are allergic and the price humanity will pay. The strange diseases that will emerge and no one will be held accountable.
Helloion drops and it burned soo much.  Is this normal ?  I have ice packs on my eyes right now to help with burning.
Hi everyone IM LOOKING FOR NEW RECIPES to eat allergic and very sensitive  to sulfites, I been this way for awhile but getting bored with food and eating the wrong  foods also i been having higher then normal blood pressure 140s and i've been taking claritin a lot because my throat gets itchy and claritin helps, does anyone have this problem.                                                     Anna
Hi everyone...please help...i had to take a 40mg dose of prednisone for an ear infection and bronchitis....my feet swelled the next day...once i stop it..how long before the swelling goes down? I'm not urinating near as much and stopped the med.....according to the half life, it should have been out of my system but the ankles are still swollen.....please please help.....i gained 7 pounds of water from that one dose...is this typical? 
Has anyone heard of the GSR 120 &quot;laser&quot; for Allergies.? A naturopath says she has &quot;cured&quot; many allergies using this new technology and she can fix egg and nut allergiesthanks
Hello Everyone,Casey
Hello all-
I had the worst allergies from the weather change and pressure changes. I developed a tickle in my throat from the nasal drip and it felt like I had a hair stuck in my throat. That developed into a cough that wouldn't go away. I tried my rescue inhaler and mucinex and my symptoms barely went away. I finally went to urgent care and they put me on 5 days of 20mg prednisone and told me to take my rescue inhaler as needed. I am on day 4 of the prednisone and I was starting to feel better yesterday but my couph returned today. Should I wait out the last day of prednisone or should I go back to urgent care and see what they say? I'm not constantly hacking up a lung like I was but this cough is super persistentHe takes 7.5mgs Remicade every 8 weeks and Lialda once a day
Hi.i have always had seasonal allergies since I was a kid and have been on antihistamines for 30 years.  Recently I have been having facial flushing after eating.  The allergist wants me to be tested to see if I have new allergies so I stopped my Zyrtec yesterday to do allergy testing in 5 days. Experiencing facial flushing, itchy nose, eyes and chills. It's making me nuts!  How do people make it the whole 5 days?  Anything I can do to help?  Has this happened to others?  Obviously if it gets worse I will take a Benadryl but I really want to try to stick it out. Thanks.
So i have a severe allergy to dust mites and dust. In my RAST blood results showed very high &gt;100 to both species of dust mites. I have intermittent shortness of breath, itchy nostrils, chronic cough most at night, sinus pressure, sneezing, clear discharge (never green). In the summer i feel better though, its worse in the autumn and winter.  I also have enlarged turbinates and a deviated septum. Thank you so much!
I have on and off hives since September of 2016, I have 2 RediMed Visits, 4 Family Doctor Visits and 4 Allergist appointments. I been on Zytec for 4 years for sessonal allergies, I one start braking on with redness, and itchy. I went to RediMed the 1st time they say it was a RASH. The 2nd time it was bed bugs. The 3rd Family Doctor Visit say Allergies, they put me on cream, the 4th Family Doctor Visit they give me a shot and refer me to an allergist. The Allergist Uped my dose of Zytec to X2 a day during outbrakes I will take a 25mg Bendryl at night if there any hives. I went for a follow-up They take it back to X1 for Zytec then I started to have outbrakes again, I called theu up it X2 a day for the weekend and went in monday they say to start taking a acid reflux medicine X2 with my daily allergy medicine. I have a follow-up appointment soon.
Two years ago I got this red spot aboutThanks, Palmy
Im getting a blood test done this coming monday to find out what is causing my symptoms. Right now im relying on anti histamines to get through the day. im just wondering as to taking an antihistamine before the blood test could compromise the results? one web site i found did say it will not affect the results but id still like to confirm. can anyone confirm?
Hi!
Hello! I am completely new here but I see that there are a lot of people with fabulous advice and experience! So I recently discovered that when I eat foods high in sulfites, I have a mild reaction. Nothing terrible, often my throat gets tight and get sores in my mouth. I avoid sulfites as much as I can because these things are both annoying and painful! From my internet searches, I can find plenty of lists of foods to avoid but the info is never super clear. I was hoping for some help! 
Can vitamin D supplements reduce asthma and allergy symptoms? If so, what dosage, brand, etc. did you use and for long before you started to notice positive effects?Thank you.
I have Pterygium surgery scheduled in 2 weeks does any one know if I get a general or local anesthesia? how long before going back to work?
Hi all,Thanks
Hello, after having my heart and lungs checked extensively (echo, several ekg, ct scan, 2 chest xrays, blood work, spirometry). All normal. I finally had an endoscopy that showed bad acid reflux (gastritis and esophagitis).I'm losing my mind and will be quitting smoking and cutting back on drinking within a few weeks once I sign a new lease and start a new job.
I've read that vitamin C has a mil antihistamine effect. And I was wondering what dosage would be appropriate for getting the best out it? What dose do you take? How often?
how has been your experience with this supplement? How often do you take it?
Hello,Showing Visitor Messages 1 to 2 of 2
Dear parents, who have a 6-14 years old child,
Found out I was allergic to glycerin a few years ago and I'm struggling to find a good foundation.  Anyone have any ideas???
Hi everyone , starting tomorrow I'm taking a 5 day of prednisone for recurring sinus infections which they believe are from allergies.Thanks !!!
Have morning cough recently. After getting recovery last 2 weeks.pls advise.
Hello,Any advice is greatly appreciated! Thanks in advance!
Hi All,Could these be related in any way?
I've been taking Flonase for several months now due to a horrible allergy season. Within the past few months I started getting ringing in my ears which won't stop, even with the use of antibiotics. When I went to an ENT he just gave me steroids which I refuse to take. Any insight is appreciated!
I was &quot;diagnosed&quot; with chronic hives in October 2016. Up until aboutions when my doctors told me there was nothing I could do except for live with it. You may not be allergic to yellow dye but what I am saying is don't give up, dont stop researching, you know your body best and you will find your cure.
Hello,Thanks!
alright, so for years i had really bad allergies. i also have asthma but it usually just comes and goes. however over the years i noticed things are getting worse. usually, as long as im away from allergens and im not sick i usually breath normally.  but in the recent years, i noticed every time i get something like a small cold or a sore throat i have trouble breathing. its just been getting worse. know im so scared to get a cold or sore throat because i just had it over the weekend, and my breathing got so bad i could not sleep at night. ive tried taking my inhaler but it wasent helping much. that night i only got 2 hours of sleep. i finally got fed up and went to the doctor to get some antibiotics and know 3 days later my breathing is near normal again. its so frustrating know because im so scared to get sick again. im worried that the years of allergies may have somehow damaged my lungs? my health problems have all lead me to feeling so depressed know. what could be wrong with me?
Hello, a month ago and everything seemed fine. Has this happened to anyone? One of my biggest fear is anaphylaxis. So i guess now i have to make sure i know if shellfish is an ingredient in the foods i eat.
Hello everyone, I am new here and looking for help with a couple of questions if possible. Have read many topics and responses. Love the ideas and help that everyone gives.I'm looking to find out if you can take Bactrim if your a allergic to Vantin?
ive tried 2 kinds of antibiotics to no avail. i went to the emergency room. had an x-ray. all they said i had was acute bronchitis. its know gonna be 2 weeks of suffering. the only thing that is helping a little is the inhaler but i have to take it like every 3 hours with like 4 puffs or symptoms return. i got chest tightness, shortness of breath, and coughing that is usually worse at night. also im taking an over the counter cough suppressant which is helping a little.i dont know what to do. what could be going on?
i went to the doctor like 5 times. i went to the emergency room once. all i was given is  an antibiotic called azithromycin, prednsione, and an inhaler. what the hell in going on?
Hi Everyone,Thank you all for reading my post. Have a great day
Alright, so let me begin with this: I'm an otherwise healthy 18 year old male, living in Ohio, in a very rural area surrounded by a lot trees, plants, etc. (I live in a heavily wooded area for the most part)Basically a great deal of things that can usually be the cause for intense, seasonal allergies. I don't normally get allergies in the summer much at all, with the exception of a few times when I was a bit younger. But for the last two months, I've had this awful case of constant mucus/phlegm, especially in the morning, where I feel nauseated and gag sometimes, attempting to cough it up. A morning shower seems to help, but not always. The thing is, I'm constantly home, as I finished out high school, doing my work online in a virtual academy, I don't have a job at the moment either. I play guitar, do lessons with others over skype and am working on music related things, or at least that was my plan for this summer, but I've just felt awful. I cough up clear phlegm, nothing green really, sometimes with like a hair or two in it  
so what started out to be a very bad cold a month ago. then a very bad bout of bronchitis that lasted 3 weeks. and know i got a recurring ear infection.  ive been taking antibiotics. 2 rounds of azithromycin for 5 days totaling 10 days. know i got amoxicillin/clavulanate 875mg-125mg for 10 days. but its causing me side effects like stomach issues and know weird bone pain. the strong antibiotic seems to lessen the ear pain but after that it wares off and comes back. i only got 4 days of it left. and the ear pain still just comes and goes. its killing me. im not sure did i catch some nasty infection that just doesn't want to leave my body?i mean the cold happened more then a month ago. and ive been having issues ever since.
Hi everyone. I am in confusion on when to use my epi pen. My allergist nurse  says to use it when ever I get any swelling my my throat, tongue, or face at all. I've used it 3 times in the past 5 weeks and the ER said to only take it if it is major swelling or of my oxygen levels are super low (I have a pulse ox). I am set off by pollen. My tongue may feel a little bigger and my throats will get a bit swollen and my face will get a bit puffy, but my oxygen levels are fine. An example, by neighbor just started mowing and my tongue and throats feel a bit tight, though my oxygen level is 95-99.When should I use the epi?
Hello everyone,Has anyone had results like this and if so what were some of the things your doctor suggested or what was the outcome for yourself?
Hi. I'm sorry to be posting again on here. I was wondering, those of you who have postnasal drip, does it cause your throat to be tight? I can breath fine, but the tight feeling makes me anxious. Do you have any tips to make post nasal drip better? I'm taking mucus thinners and drinking TONS of water, as recommended by my ENT.Thanks.
HiWhen I go out I get severe rashes and hives, Iam allergic to sun/uv. that is Solar urticarial. any treatment for this. I have it since 2015. I took homeo, siddha nothing is working. I am taking Vitamin D3 recently. No change. Even I sit inside the shade and if the sun rays passes I get rashes. Please help I feel like dying. I don't want to live. I cover fully. it is very hot. I live in Canada. SOMEONE HELP ME TO GET CURED.
Hello guys, my recent blood test that show my total bilirubin 16mg/dL higher than the average. Is some drugs cause my bilirubin higher ? Because when i went for my bloodtest i take 1 dose of Lomac 20mg, mucosta 100mg. Please help. My AST, ALT test came back normal. Thanks for any reply 
Hi everyone. I am having tongue swelling on one side. And at times my tongue will get numb. I do have GERD and environmental allergies, post nails drip, and a possible URI. Does anyone know why only one side of my tongue would swell?
Hi guys, 
For the last few months, when I wake up, I'm so nauseous. My jaw hurts, my nose is dry, and I feel a lump in my throat...like phlegm is stuck there. I have seen the END and GI. Both did a scope and everything looked normal, but my throat was a bit irritated.  I had environmental allergy testing done. Turns out I'm allergic to most trees, grass, and weeds. I guess I'm wondering if these are normal symptoms of allergies.  If so,  Any suggestions?
so i had a fairly bad double ear infection. i got antibiotics for it of course. im already done with the antibiotics and the pain seems to be mostly gone. but im still having issues with my ears crackling when i yawn or move my jaw. i also feel as if my ears especially my left ear seems to clog after sneezing. my allergies are fairly bad. but i never really had this issue until after the double ear infection. what could be going on? does it just need more time to heal? its only been a week since i finished the antibiotics.
Hi fellow allergy suffers could anyone relate when allergy season hits my anxiety panic goes up I have found very little info but heard some have histamine intolerance causing anxiety anyway I am wondering if anyone has more anxiety during allergy season ? Look forward to any and all feedback
Hi everyone, Forever grateful!!
I know many of you have heard of this for winter but wondering if anyone knew this affected up to 10 % of people in the summer especially right around allergy season making our allergy symptoms worse because of the anxiety and depression Wondering if anyone is being treated for this if so course of treatment and if they are benefiting from it?  My allergies have been real bad this year and I am just learning of this condition but for years every time it gets this time of year I find myself wishing for late October when allergies end here in my area soon as it gets that time of year my lightheaded dizzy and other symptoms clear up along with all my depression  that allergies bring anyway please share your thoughts thank you
A teacher, friend and I split two bottles of wine, and teacher and I each had one and a half shots of Anisette(?) (friend had a 4 hr drive, so he didn't partake in shots). Drank sparkling water the whole time as opposed to regular ice water, which I didn't realize until AFTER the fact that carbonated water doesn't help out w/ alcohol like regular does. Not much of a big drinker, maybe a beer or two a week. I'm a 24 y/o male, never drank in high school, only one or two drinks in undergrad, drank more in grad school but still for the most part prob not as much as my friends. Naturally, when I looked online for answers I found people freaking out that this sort of thing is a neurological disorder/nerve damage, so I seriously hope that's not the case...
I just got the call from my allergist. My IGA levels are over 600 normal levels are under 100. The only things that came up that I'm not allergic to is cod and milk, via full panel allergy blood test. She said I probably have a lot of false positives but we still don't have a conclusion on what is going on with my body. My body is attacking itself, that much we know. However, my allergist and PCP don't know what is causing or has triggered the acquired angiodema and uticaria. I end up in the ER several times a month, on average every 10 days. The ER Dr.'s put me on steroids for a few days and I still have symptoms of both just not as bad. My allergist put me on 4, 24 hour tabs a day of Allegra yet I still have symptoms. We are going to try Xolair next. My problem is that I want to know why this all of a sudden came on a few months ago. I'm 40 in 3 months, have only been allergic to bees and intolerant to gluten. We found a tumor that ended up being benign, plus my cancer screening came back clear and all other bloodwork has shown normal levels. I'm frustrated, lost and have no idea what to eat. Please help!
Hi all. I am having a bad asthma flare. I'm having to take duo ned every 4 hours.
hi everyone ,Donna....... kinda lost
I am having a severe reaction to waterproof bandaids. I have water blisters that pop and oz then keep coming back. I have a rash along with it. Does anyone recommend what i can do?Thanks so much!!
So evidently I've had gastritis for a while, but wasn't symptomatic until after I stopped my PPI cold turkey, and go acid rebound.  My gastritis was confirmed via EGD and was put on Dexilant  60mg 1x a day.  Did some research and started taking Zinc L-Carnosine & DGL along with a low acid diet and eliminated all triggers from my diet.Is this theory possible?  What tests do I need to get done to confirm this and what are the treatment options?  I decided to leave that room for now and sleep in a different bedroom.  Coincidentally, my symptoms have calmed down.  Any info would be greatly appreciated, thanks!
Starting in February I started feeling awful. I was nauseous in the morning and shaky. Sometimes my legs and arms felt like pins and needles. I had a lose of appetite and was losing weight. I had seen an ENT and she thought it was reflux. I saw a GI and he did a scope and said everything was clear and my biopsies all came back normal. This was going on for months on and off. I went to my allergist and they did environmental tests. Found out I had allergies to most trees, grass, and weeds. They gave me nasal spray and suggested the nedi-pot (which I was already using). A friend recommended zrytec and that seemed to help. I feel lost and that this is going to be ongoing. Can this be allergies? Can this be something else? I don't know what to do anymore. Please give me some suggestions.
Hi,Thanks!
I've been having these symptoms for quite a while. At first, I assumed that they were panic attacks, but after a while I noticed some patterns. My symptoms include: 
Hi all, I was diagnosed about a month ago with severe allergies to essentially all environmental allergies. My doctor suggested immunology treatment and my first week of shots went well. However, I went into anaphylactic shock after my second set of shots. I got a sinus infection shortly after that (a common occurrence for me) and I was too ill for two weeks to get another shot. My doctor says that I have to feel 100% healthy in order to get further shots, because of the severity of my reaction earlier. However, I never feel very healthy, presumably bc I am constantly exposed to things that I am very allergic to. So my question is this - are some people just too generally ill to get the immunology treatment? I'm feeling very discouraged bc they were unable to give me shots the last three times I went. TIA for any advice.
Two months ago I had a viral infections. Since then I've sad so many health problems. Neurological types problems, and endocrine (I have yet to see these specaltist). Recently I have had  food redone testing done, sine after the viral infection I am reacting to everything. It turns out I am allergic to all nuts, corn, wheat, soy, egg white and yolks, milk. Most of these I'm I a 3 and 5 (5 being the highest on the scale). I have ever been this allergic to this many things before in my life, so my mother is wonder if the viral infection damaged my gut.
Hi, I am allergic toDo you know of any subs for cheese, flour to bake with, and eggs thats SUPER allergy friendly?
Hello, https://m.imgur.com/account/Crnhusker1358/images/YD9dW7D
hi I'm taking naet for my allergies and its helping but I'm having trouble sleeping because of my stuffy nose..i was wondering if anyone here ever had this problem and what you did aboutlenny
Hello,
Hi AllThanks
Sorry for sort of a naive question, but in spite of having a complicated medical history, I've never had issues with allergies before. None of my specialists are too concerned by my symptoms, but over the last two months, I've been experiencing:Thanks
Hello.but no results. Any answer would be highly appreciated.
I had been suffering with dermatitis on my hands for a few years. I do not have health insurance so by researching the symptoms of my condition online I was able to figure out what this painful condition on my hands was. By trial and error this is what worked for me: 90% healed I no longer wrap my fingers every night. But have gone to just a few times a week. And I fine this works well for me. I'd only attempt this though once the condition is almost healed. I hope this helps some of you, good luck.
Hi. Early last year, I developed the sensation of shortness of breath. I was told it was anxiety by every specialist at the time. I'm a 24-yr old male. The testing I had done is as follows:
SO STRANGE!!!!!! A YEAR AGO I HAD A TERRIBLE DUST MITE, DUST ALLERGIES, COULDN'T EVEN LAY DOWN ON THE BED THAT I WOULD START COUCHING, ITCHING, SNEEZING, NOSE RUNNING, NOSTRILS BEING BLOCKED, ETC, SHORT OF BREATH, THAT WAS EVERYDAY!!!!!! IT STARTED ON EARLY 2016, ALTHOUGH I HAD SOME ALLERGIES AS A CHILD, BUT ONLY GOT THEM AGAIN IN 2016 WHEN I WAS 20, I'M NOW 21!!!!!!I'M NOT COMPLAINING BUT, IT'S WEIRD......
Hi everyone! I am new here and I seek some help. 
Hello everyone, Thanks!
I just completed my 7th week of shots for bee allergies yesterday, and the last few shots I have noticed severe pain in my arms and elbows along with mild fatigue.  I have seen past posts on this over the years, but unsure if this is normal or I should be concerned.  I have had some mild weight gain as well, could that be from the injections too?  The pain is my primary concern due to it beginning to limit what I can lift and do with my arms.  Any experience, advice would be appreciated.  I don't want to stop them if I can help it, I have anaphylactic reactions from stings and have been stung 3 times in the past year.  HELP!Thanks!
I have been dealing with severe headaches and fatigue, joint pain, digestive issues, cystic acne and sinus infections for roughly 5 years. I have had lumbar punctures, nerve blocks, tons of medicines and antibiotics, and even surgery. Finally, my ENT decided I had to have allergies because of the inflammation in my sinuses and ears with out infection. So I got skin tested for allergies, environmental and food. I tested positive on 30/35 environmental allergies. I tested positive or borderline on only 8/24 foods. My biggest allergies are orange, milk and bakers yeast. I was told to completely cut them out and I am having issues with that because there is milk in soooooo many things. My other allergy/intolerance as far as food goes corn, soy, rye, rice, and oats. I have eaten corn and had digestive issues but never seemed to have issues with corn chips ect. also I am not sure what about
Hi,For last one month am suffering from severe itching with red bumps in most of my body parts specially neck, scalp area, hands and thighs. Initially it occurred with mild itching and later it became severe. We went to the emergency hospital and visited the doctor. They prescribed some anti allergy tablets for three days. My itching problem went off till I took the pills but re appeared soon after that. So last I visited dermatologist and he prescribed me Fexofenadin Winthrop 180 mg tablets for 20 days. Soon after starting the pills I got relief form my itching problem but now after completing my dose for 20 days it again re appeared after a week. My symptoms get worse in night and I am not able to sleep whole night. The dermatologist advised me that it is due to stress and if after taking pills it wont stop if should visit your physician. The problem is that I don't know even the cause of this problem and I didn't eat anything different nor I took any medicines except my migrane pills which I normally use in a month when I have severe headache.
Please ask the admin for permission before posting surveys.  Thank you.
Hi I have recently developed a severe allergy and go into anaphylaxis. It appears to start in my throat, then my eyes swell to closed, then my throat swells up and sometimes hives appear. My allergy tests have come back negative for pollen, grass, rag, latex, peanuts. It thought maybe it was environmental ( outdoors), but had an attack yesterday and its minus 20 where I am.I currently carry an EPI pen,ans have been given prednisone for the allergy attacks
Ok, my husband and I are at a loss... This year alone my husband has had 9 strokes, 2 heart attacks, and 4 anaphylactic reactions... One to humalog, one to Novalog, one to baby wipes, and one to cough drops... And those are just the ones we went to the ER for... Since then he has reacted to Vaseline, preprocessed and packaged foods, hair gel, skin moisturizer, lotion, body wash, body powders, soap, breads and a whole slew of medical things... Pills like Benadryl liquid gels, pressed Advil, and several types of insulin injections... After the first three ER TRIPS I WAS LOSING IT!  My husband is a Diabetic, Stroke, and Cardio patient... Stress from an anaphylactic reaction, even a minor one, could send him into heart failure.  We have been together for 18 years and have a two year old little girl together.  He has been prescribed epi pens, but again....I won't use them if they can be avoided as a blast of adrenaline or epinephrin puts an immense stress on the heart.  His allergy is confirmed as GLYCERIN.IM POSTING THIS BECAUSE HE HAS ASKED ME TO REACH OUT TO THE GLYCERIN ALLERGIC COMMUNITY ONLINE and ask for any help you guys might be able to offer with regards to replacements for some of our common household items he can no longer use due to their content of glycol/glycerin ingredients.  Any help would be HUGELY appreciated...
Hello my fellow allergy and asthma sufferers. 
Hey guys, really sorry if this is the wrong category, I wasn't sure where to put it 
In the last 20+ years (since August 1991) I had hives off all kinds of intensity and in the last 10 years or so I don't remember a day when I didn't have any on my skin.
Hello!if you've taken time to read this and you know anything at all that can help with what my daily struggle are then I'm forever happy. Thanks in advance!!! =)
Got sick on December 3 with breathing problems, sore throat, fatigue, no appetite.  They gave me a nebulizer treatment and prednisone tablets.  Went back and they said my breathing was better but am still sick.  Now I have days where I sweat a lot.  Does anybody else have these problems???  When I went the second time ... they said there was nothing they could do.  They think it will go away in time, I guess.  Am worn out from this.  I do have allergic asthma which makes everything worse.
The airway relaxing effect of pressing a lip is very simply demonstrated and the effect of a vigorous nasal inhale or sniff is also easily shown. Think of kapalabhati in yoga.Why is asthma research not able to get out of its ivory tower and be aware of the suffering of asthmatics?
I’m wondering if anyone on here has heart palpitations with their asthma. Not from the use of your inhalers but before it gets to the point of having to use your inhaler? I feel like when I get palls it is a warning sign for a flare up. I don’t have them often but when I do this seems to be what comes first. I have had years of cardiac work ups with no issues found. This week with the cold air it has put me down for a few days. I never wheeze but I cough (not to much) but heaviness in my chest and short of breath. I also have jaw pain that comes and goes but just in one spot not radiating or anything. I am also just finishing antibiotics for a sinus infection. Do I also have allergies with acute sinusitis. I just wa Ted to know if anyone deals with the palpitations?
I've had chronic hives for three years. I've only seen a doctor once (white coat syndrome) and expectantly he basically said he could give me Prednisone (wouldn't go near it - I watched my mother blow up like a balloon on it and also had a terrible time trying to wean herself off it - for asthma though). He said Allegra would do it as a antihistamine. Yes they do work but I'm basically immune to them now and don't like fake chemicals in my body so have tried all sorts of natural remedies. But some work, some don't. And you can burn a lot of money experimenting.
On December 3, I had a very sore throat and eventually went to doc.  Needed a breathing treatment and prednisone.  Came down with vomiting and diaherria too.  Finally on December 29th the very sore and painful sore throat went away.  But then had big fatigue and muscle pains plus on and off sinus headaches.  Also runny nose and sneezing.  What I find most upsetting is that I am having bad eye pain like there is a hair or something in my eye.  Maybe it is from the super cold here or allergies.  I have had friends who say that they feel like they are in a sandstorm with their eyes.  I mostly have asthma and breathing problems from allergies but suppose this could also occur.Any thoughts on my mess, I am 72 years old and was diagnosed with allergies in 1983.
Hi Everyone,Were any of you who have allergies breast fed?
Hi Everyone,Thanks!
Yes!!! After 15 years of dust mite war I found a remedy for myself, hope it will help you as well.  I’m a male, 34yo, live in UK (wet climate) in flat with carpets. I know carpets are key point in my allergy, but unfortunately I can’t get rid of them as it’s a rental property. When I stay in properties with hard floors, I normally have no symptoms or much fewer allergy symptoms. Never used any steroid inhalers as I don’t trust them. However used Salbutamol, in worst periods up to 5-10 times a day which for sure isn’t good practice.  1 litr of water a day each. Hope this helps you!
Anyone else have a positive reaction to balsam of Peru on allergy patch testing?  I’m trying to get information on exactly what I need to eliminate from the products I use and foods I consume. My allergist gave me a handout which isn’t very helpful. Thanks in advance for any help
I'm new to the forum. I'm an asthmatic with GERD. I just figured out today - after three days of heartburn, that I'd better increase my OTC meds. I also read about natural remedies; ginger, oatmeal, fennel, for example. I'm sure there's a lot of info on this forum and I'm gonna start reading!
Hi all,
Hi everyone! When my asthma flares up I go through periods of breathlessness and constant yawning and feeling like I can't take a deep breath (I'm currently taking Seretide 250 2x/day, Zyrtec, Nasacort and vitamins--magnesium, fish oil, D). I do breathing exercises throughout the day but have little relief. Thanks!
Hello everyone, ) or suggestions would be greatly appreciated!!
HI everyoneThank you
I am a 20/yo male. And for 1 week and about    Also have what I think are internal hemorrhoids, but I don’t think that’s in association with these other bad symptoms. HELP!
Hi everyone,
Hi everyone. I have been a victim of Vertigo for 8 years and counting. My dizziness never stops and I constantly feel scared and worried. I can't really do much physical activities. I feel nauseous sometimes. Anybody know the cause of the long-term Vertigo is and if there is any treatments? Please let me know thank you !
My 14 year old has CIU and it has spread rapidly to her face and body in a horrible and worst flare up in 3 yrs.  We put her on Xolair last month, which I am worried aboutThanks
aboutions. I was instructed to finish the prednisone in 3 days and keep going with the cetirizine (10mg tablets) each day until they were out. I’m down to several pills. Even with the medications since the Day I left the ER, I’ve been having the same issue although they are minor to minor my concerning hives around the evening time that go away when I wake up and the process has been repeating since the Day I left the ER. I’ve never had a hives outbreak or any reoccurring hives or any hives at all as far as I can remember. Any possible explanations? And treatment options?
Yesterday I dined out and had one of my favorite foods: a gyro.
Hi. I have this wried things where if it's too cold somewhere I start to react: shivering, numb skin, tight and numb throat, difficulty breathing. My body will wake up like this if I'm sleeping in a cold room. If I drink something cold, my throat gets numb and my stomach becomes upset. Thank you.
I am new to this forum...suffering with hives for the last 2 years and been on all the antihistimines and prednisone to alleviate the problem.  Also have had 6 or 7 Xolair shots and still having hives but they are just not as large or debilitating.  No cured as yet. After taking Xolair for 6 months- what are your results?  Most posts are only after 2 or 3 months.  I would like to hear from someone that has had Xolair for a longer period and how effective they think it is.
I’m beginning to believe that it gets worse over time. Mine started happening about it?
I want to know if it can cause increased appetite, weight gain? If yes, how intense is this particular side effect? I didn't see it as a listed side effect on webmd though. If you can share your experience on how long you've been taking it and what side effects have you experienced/ not experienced, that'd be super helpful.
I am new here.  I just started having nausea after fighting bad post nasal drip for some 10 years. Thank you for any direction.
I'm a young male and I've been having voice issues on and off, mostly on, for years. A lot weaker, tires fast, lower/thicker, breaking, hoarseness.
This isn't the first time I've had hives and I've had them since about 2300. Around 2130 I started itching a little bit but not to much. As I started going to bed at 2330 my skin started to kind of tingle, and now here I am at 0500 with a hive outbreak itching all over. On the weekends when I don't have to work it's the worst. I'll wake up with hives and they won't go away until I go to work on monday or workout. This whole time still taking zyrtec or benadryl, or zantec. Sorry for the long post just really tired of it and was hoping somebody could help me out. Thank you
Hi, I have recently been diagnosed with sulfite intolerance as a result of patch testing.  I also am apparently allergic to fragrances, shellac, and a couple of preservatives whose names I don't recall.  I am rather overwhelmed at learning how to avoid sulfites or eat a minimal amount of them.  It seems like so many foods have them naturally ... and then lots more have it added in processing.  I know to avoid processed foods, have discovered that wine is high in sulfites. That is okay with me as I don't like wine.  The tougher ones are onions and garlic, shellfish.  And the shellac allergy is challenging with apples and chocolate.  I have started making my own bread, using an unbleached and unbromated flour.  My main symptoms are itchy, red skin, asthma, and sinus congestion.  I make granola using oatmeal, sunflower seeds, pecans, honey and butter.  The honey comes from a local beekeeper.  Does anyone know if the granola is relatively low in sulfites?  I used to add raisins but have learned to omit them.  Any help is appreciated!
My body does not do well with certain metals.Thanks.
Hi Everyone,We need to be so careful when it comes to some chemicals.
I've lived in the same place for over 30 years, with no known allergies despite being in a area with extremity heavy pollen counts in the spring.  about
Hello! I am wondering if I can get advice from anyone else who has this condition.  I was diagnosed with chronic hives almost 3 years ago.  After taking the gamet of medication, I went on Xolair and responded very well--actually, Xolair was the ONLY thing I was on.  After a year of taking Xolair, I went off and was hive-free for 2 1/2 years.  Any and all suggestions are welcome!
Has anyone heard of the nightshade vegetables.  I've been researching a condition my wife has, as she has always had really bad allergies etc, and now this.   Came across info aboutThanks.
My 14 year old has CIU and it has spread rapidly to her face and body in a horrible and worst flare up in 3 yrs. We put her on Xolair last month, which I am worried aboutThanks
Hi all!Thanks and God Bless,
49 years old with allergy and cold weather triggered asthma.  Anytime I get a cold, it goes to my chest with a mild to more severe bronchitis.  Currently I'm taking 180mcg Pulmacort inhaler - 2x per day - along with albuteral inhaler a couple times per day.  This past winter has been a slew of head/sinus colds turning into chest colds - with asthma not seeming under control with the above regiment. Any advice on whether Breo is a good next step?  The side effects of Breo seem alarming to me.
So I have been having trouble swallowing for a LONG time now.. I got a new doctor and she says I have fluid build up behind my ears (which makes sense, i have had ear pain, clogged ear feeling, vertigo, etc for ever now!) and post nasal drainage in my throat (I can always feel it like a lump in my throat but never knew what it was.. now it always feels like food gets stuck in my throat!!) So she says it’s due to allergies.. also have inflamed sinuses..? But my question is, has anyone had drainage so bad it feels like food is getting stuck? Or like a lump on your throat? What did you do to clear it up? I’ve been using saline spray, but the Claritin she gave me to take daily I’m afraid to take. (I’m afraid to take any mediation.. afraid of side effects).. if you have taken Claritin .. did it have any negative side effects on you? I’m afraid of worsened anxiety since I do have anxiety and attacks!!Norco
Has anyone tried Xolair injections for chronic hives?  I’d be interested to hear stories and outcomes. I’ve had horrible hives for 7 months now. Ive now been  getting the Xolair injection for 4 months and take 4 Allegra and 2 ranitidine per day. I still get terrible outbreaks at least a couple days a week. They are not quite as bad when I took nothing, but still not as good as I had hoped. The doctor said the Xolair takes time to work.
Hi everyone!
Hi. I have asthma that's heavily induced by allergies. I do not do well with Qvar, and my insurance will not pay for Advair until I've tried everything else, so I was given Dulera. Can you tell me your story with Dulera? Did it help with your Allergic asthma?
Whenever i get pollen allergies the worst thing about it for me is how it makes my face look. my skin gets red and my face gets puffy and my eyes get puffy with dark circles too. Is there any way to get rid of these even if i still have the sneezing and stingy eyes i don't mind that as long as i can look like myself?
Hi, I am looking to see what is normal post anaphylactic shock. I suffered from one on Thursday night, I was taken into hospital and treated. It’s now 3rd day post reaction and im still so run down. I’m 31 weeks pregnant too and went back into hospital yesterday As was concerned aboutIs this normal after a big reaction? Can you share your experience post reaction? Thank you.
Hi!  My daughter who is 13 who’s never had allergies... just her tongue got irritated when eating pineapples.  The last few weeks she’s been getting itchy rehashes almost daily and we can’t pinpoint anything specific she could be reacting to.  I believe she might have had Bartonella a few years ago after getting lice as she had hugely swollen glands for a whole year, plus fatigue and anxiety.  This past year had been extremely stressful with going through bullying and losing all her friends.  Now I’m wondering if these things might have set off Mast cell activation with her almost daily, totally random reactions.  Tested negative for Lyme and coinfections. Treatment started Dec. 2012. In 2014 tested positive for Bartonella. Clinically diagnosed with a Babesia in 2015. Taking - Minocycline, clindamycin and Plaquenil. Buhner and Cowden herbs. MTHFR mutation
My son (8yrs) has a severe tree nut allergy and we have had to use the epipen a couple of times. So far that worked to keep the swelling in his throat from cutting off his breathing. But if the swelling continued and he couldn't breath, and we didn't have access to professional help, what other measures should be taken? I have learned CPR but if the passage is shut from swelling are there means for opening the passageway? I have heard there are people who punctured a hole in the throat to allow air to move. Is this a real solution in a worst-case scenario? And how do you know when it is necessary?
 
So I’ve got a ridiculous amount of allergies, Crohn’s disease, and previously Graves’ disease. I’m wondering if someone can help me out with some ideas on how to control my allergies as I’m a bit in the dark. I struggle very much with the food mainly soy, egg, milk which are all anaphylactic to me. I just don’t know what I could even eat with all of these allergies. Is there anyone else who is in the same boat? cladosporium herbrum
I post in the Ulcerative Colitis thread and sometimes here.  Failed Pentasa, Azathioprine and finally Methotextrate due to allergies/intolerance. Taking Humira.  Have finally come off Prednisone Yay!!!
Hi everyone, this theory?
This started aboutI have tried colloidal oatmeal baths which seem to maybe temporarily help.  I am also going to try a gluten free diet which I started today.  I have never had any allergic reactions to any foods though so I am clueless to what started all this.  Any help is very appreciated!!!  I am going insane with the itching!
the other day i ate popcorn popped in olive oil on the stove and  sprinkled pink himalayan salt, and the back of my tongue underneath got quite dry after. why would that be? I have had this many times and this has never happened. Was a bit nervous and confused.  Thank you, Steve T
I have allergies and have sores in my nose. Does anyone have any suggestions on what I could do to get rid of them? When I blow my nose it bleeds from all the sores.
Thank you so much I will try that.
Yes they were very sore and bleed, I still do get them from time to time but the saline nose drops have really helped. Why do you think you have Lupus? I have a friend that has that and also has bad sores in her nose. I wonder if  that is a sign of Lupus?
I'm sorry to here of all your problems. My friend has been in so much pain. She sometimes cannot get out of the bed in the morning. She has been to so many doctors and one told her he thought she has Lupus. I really don't think they really know what she has.  I went to a doc ( nose , ears and throat ) years ago and the doc said mine came from the place that I work ( department store). I don't know if that is true are not, but he gave me nothing for it and never said anything about nose drops. I think mine is allergies.
Its sounds like yours are from allergies too. Vasoline also helps me too. Mine sound about the same as your. Wish you well!!
I don't mean to be a stickler of rules but please refer to this rule regarding links to other forums.
I have very bad sores right now in my nose.They bleed when i blow my nose &amp; my nose feels very stuffed up.I have had this for over a week now.Am i ok?will it go away?What can i do?

Hi TeeB,     I also get a bloody nose for a time after a severe asthma attack. I had two this summer. I think it is from all the meds we get. It takes some time but does clear up. Also, the dry winter air does not help. Good luck:)
Thanks, I do live in the States.&nbsp; My nose has been runny like crazy that isn't helping out that much either.
Thank You Red_34.I  do live in the states.I live in chicago ill.I have not tried anything yet.However i think it id dryness.It is clearing up a little now.It comes & goes.but when i get nose sores it can be annoying & painful. Thank you for your reply
I've had the exact same problem as Calico1 - does anyone know what could be causing reoccuring versions of this?
I get recurrent nose sores when I forget to use my nasal allergy medicine (a steroid nasal inhaler).  A few days back on the inhaler seems to make them go away again.  And then when the drug company discontinued the dose I was using, I stopped using anything and the sores came back with a vengence.  Now that I've gotten a new nasal inhaler, the sores are starting to go away again.  If I were you, I'd get the sores evaluated by an ENT (Ear-Nose-Throat specialist) or Allergist.-Razzle
I recently found the the site looking for help in relief of my nasal sores. Yeah not really a question you ask your friends about it, she's on oxygen she had similar sores as well and it seems to help her as well.&nbsp; Give it a try and see if it works for you! 

I saw on another site where a doctor was talking about this very thing and he says they can be a staph infection and the worst thing we can do is put our fingers inside the nose. He also said conventional antibiotic ointment won,t work. He reccommends Bactroban. I,ve had these recently and I,m going to try this. Nothing else has worked.
These are really old posts, but I am trying to find information aboutValtrex, Premarian, Cymbalta, Flexeril, Tylenol PM
Bactroban does clear them right up - it's really expensive though.  Ask your doctor for a sample, if possible, to see if it will clear it up for you before getting a prescription.
Xlear nasal rinse is excellent for both allergies and bacterial nasal sores.  The Xylitol helps to prevent bacteria from sticking in the nose and creating an infection.-Razzle
Hello. Thank you. I know my post is forever long. But this is first time I have actually told my story ever. I usually hide that dirty habit form everyone.
Does anyone have joint and or muscle pain in connection with untreated allergies?&nbsp; I've read somewhere online that it's possible, just wondering if any of you do?&nbsp; Thanks!
Thanks for responding.&nbsp; I don't know what I have, and neither do my doctors...it could be a multitude of things and I'm being bounced from doctor to doctor.&nbsp; That's why I post questions trying to determine if I need to push further in any particular area - we all know that just because a doctor says he doesn't think something is the problem is not always correct.
That is so true.....  Hang in there and keep plugging along until you find the answer............good luck!

I guess it is good to know I am not the only one out there who is suffering from intense joint pain during an asthma attack.&nbsp; I haven't had this sever of a reaction to whatever is in the air in years and now, it has hit hard.&nbsp; My 6 year daughter is suffering from the same symptoms.&nbsp; Mostly it is our finger joints, but on me it has attacked other areas as well.&nbsp; What is the deal with this and how can we get relief other than pain meds and inhalers.
i do i told my doc about

I've had joint/muscle pain as part of the symptoms of a reaction to medication (Pentasa, of all things!), so yes, I believe it is possible to have pain in the joints/muscles as an allergic reaction.  Also, there are people with systemic autoimmune or allergic disorders who can experience joint & muscle pain as part of their disease and the &quot;flareups&quot; are triggered sometimes by allergic reactions to something specific, such as pollen or a particular food.-Razzle
Hi, I am new to this website.  I would like to bring up my specific allergy problem to see if others have had similar conditions and can recommend treatments.Does this sound familiar?  If so, where are you with your condition?
hi ,first time here. I had a stent put in on oct 18th, was put on new meds, lisinopril,lipator,plavix. I first had a stomach problem with the lipator , they gave me to high a dose. that was within the first three days out,&nbsp;I also have reflux so they readmitted me to make sure my heart was fine which it was. the second week out on the following fri. morning I developed hives,the dr. told me to stop the Lisinopril but I actually stopped that and the Lipator, by fri. nite my hands had started to ache and by Sat morning they were really swollen with terrible itching. Sat nite my left shoulder started to ache and by Sun it was locked to where I couldn't move it and my hands hurt beyond belief. I was completely helpless without my wife. On Monday The Dr. prescribed prednisone for relief of the swelling, the pain in my shoulders subsided and my hands felt pretty good, I could actually close them without pain. However on Tuesday I took my regular dose of plavix and within a half hour my hands swelled and hurt&nbsp;again and my throat&nbsp;felt like I had a hairball in&nbsp;it. Needless to say I am allergic to one if not all of these medicines even though in 2001 I took plavix for my first stent and it never bothered me.&nbsp;My question is that the joints on my hands&nbsp;are very painful and swollen again&nbsp;and my shoulders are becoming sore again also even though I am on the prednisone. I've been told that the pain my reappear for several weeks, is there anything out there to help?
Hey, I'm looking to renew this thread.  I have muscle pain problems that I believe are caused by environmental allergies and food intolerances.  I will develop muscle strains (sometimes severe) that can last anywhere from a day to the better part of a year.  These muscle problems can occur for no apparent reason, but seem to coincide with other allergy reactions.  Does anyone have anything like this and do they have any treatment solutions?
I suffered with increasingly worse muscle and joint pain for nearly a year.&nbsp; I was taking more and more Ibuprofen, for the pain.&nbsp; My doctor prescribed Feldene, which I had an allergic reaction to.&nbsp; Soon after, I reacted to something in some Chinese food.&nbsp; 
don't give up...no surrender.  alot of docs are just plain mean, self righteous, dogmatic, judgemental, money loving, cheap, etc.  have friends and family help you but make sure they are on your side first
Life is hard and then you die, if you are lucky.Woody Allen and the last part is by me!
My muscle and joint pain is due to wheat allergy, which is an auto-immune disorder. Besides pain, it also makes me depressed and lethargic. If you suspect you might be allergic to wheat, search on "celiac disease." Dr's used to think that 1 in 10,000 people were allergic to wheat but they're finding out that it's closer to 1 in 250, especially now that it's in so many foods. Look at your nutrition labels for "modified food starch." If they don't specifically say it's from a source other than wheat, then it's from wheat. In things like low fat mayo, it's the first ingredient!
IN THE NAME OF GOD THIS SITE IS BLOODY HELL TO POST TO! Anyone on ADVAIR??  This drug is known widely to cause joint pain, and is not necessary for all asthmatics to take. It was given to me as first line of defense and I went through hell on it. I would rather die than take that stuff again. Asthma currently controlled on ASTHMANEX.  What noone is saying is how all the pollutants in our enviornment are causing this. The global warming and intense rains, pollen counts over the moon, molds and humidity. We asthmatics are like the canary in the cave. The rest of the world will be feeling it soon as well I am afraid. I wish it on noone. Breathe deeply. Take your meds. (I played around with that .... not taking ) I wonder also, if there isn't something to the theory that massive doses of anti-biotics are a cure. When I have infections of any sort and am prescribed anti-biotics my asthma is so much better. If you are on ADVAIR  loose it, with doctor supervision of course. Google bad effects from if you don't believe me. Many natural practitioners will recommend getting off of ADVAIR  immediately over any other drug.
Yes, due to wheat/gluten sensitivity. I inadvertently went gluten free on a cleansing diet plan when I sprained my ankle because I was afraid to gain weight when I was glued to my couch and felt fantastic, then started eating real food again and got extremely sick. Like death warmed over sick. Did tons of testing(found nothing), finally went to an elimination diet out of desperation because I was convinced it was something I was eating due to other food allergies already diagnosed, cut out wheat and gluten as part of it and bingo! Got my energy back and much of the joint and bone pain went away. Then connected that I had accidentally been gluten free for 6 weeks when I followed the shake regimen, then fed my body gluten again, which meant my body had an even worse reaction than it was having before. At least now when I am in pain I know it is a fibro flair.
Hey,I came across this thread and wanted to add my 2 cents worth.  I went through years worth of frustration trying to figure out what was wrong with me and a friend suggested my allergies could be the problem.  I went to an allergist for two years who claimed all of my problems were caused by worsening allergies - which they definitely were worsening.  But the treatment did basically nothing to improve any of my symptoms - typical allergy symtoms and joint/muscle pain, among lots of other symptoms.  I quit the allergy treatments (sublingual drops) when my symptoms got much worse again and the allergist claimed they were now caused by a DIFFERENT allergy than what he was telling me all along.  Nothing changed after several months off the treatment, so I was pretty certain allergies were not at the root of my problems.  Went to a different allergist for a second opinion and was told other than my typical allergy symptoms, my other symptoms were not caused by the type of allergies I have.  Back to square one.  I really had no idea where to turn next, but decided to see an &quot;alternative&quot; medical doctor who specializes in hormones because I could never get any other doctor to even discuss hormones, much less test me.  Upon hearing my symptoms, she immediately said she believes I have Lyme Disease.  I was pretty adament that I was tested multiple times and was  guaranteed I do not have Lyme Disease.  I was annoyed, especially since the test was not covered by insurance and was $260, but grudgingly took the test.  Here is what I found out - I DO have Lyme Disease and with proper treatment (this is long term stuff, not a quick fix) and nasal rinses, my allergies have improved significantly.  What I have learned is that my allergies got much worse because of Lyme Disease and got better with proper Lyme Disease treatment.
I am about December it is really bad. It does not seem to be related to the weather because we have hard winters. Does anyone present with similar symptoms or know what could be causing this my pcp does not provide much assistance.
Oh and also large doses of Fish oil (like 10 a day)  I get the Claratin D, fishoil and Sam-E all from Costco.  Fishoil is the best pain reliever you can use in my oppinion, it really diminishes inflamation.

I have a lot of trouble keeping warm.&nbsp; Sometimes when I'm going through a bad patch with my asthma I also have chills (without fever) which can go on all day.&nbsp; My joints and muscles also ache, almost like I have a mild case of the flu.&nbsp; Sometimes I end up spending the day on the couch, wearing two sheatshirts, shivering under a blanket.&nbsp; Anyone else??
I never had this until I moved to the Albany, New York area.  I just hate having the chills.  I don't know if it is coming from the Hudson River or what.I know I am answering a very old post but wonder if others are experiencing this with allergic asthma.
I am interested in hearing from ppl with recurring hives...particularly if they reccur often and in the exact same spot each time or most times...I am desperate to get to the bottom of my sons allergy/rash...
Hi Elly, first of all, please don't blame yourself for not breastfeeding.  Sometimes by not breast feeding, it's by choice and sometimes it just can't be helped.  No use trying to blame yourself but deal with the now.  What's done is done and kicking yourself will be of no use.  I breast fed my daughter and not my son.  Neither of them have too serious of health issues.  My son has asthma but was it from me not breastfeeding him? No, I don't think it is.  It happened just because it did.
Thank you so much *Hugs* 
Just a thought, have you had him tested for an allergies?  Such as for dogs, cats, pollen, mold, mildew etc.?  My son had allergy tests at around the same age, not the scratch test but the one under the skin.  The needle is so small that they hardly feel a thing.  I think for my son, the worse part was being constrained and not being able to scamper around! lol What about
You mentioned you've been to a skin doctor, Have you tried going to an allergy specialist? Please keep us posted..
Been going through the exact same thing. I thought it was a bug bite, but it took way too long to heal. Then as it was healing, it came back in the exact same spot.Best wishes.
Okay, in all my research on hives I still cannot find any information about this.&nbsp; When I wake up in the morning, I have hives obviously, I take a shower and the hives start going away rather quickly and they normally do not bother me during the day.&nbsp; Then every night around 8-9pm I start getting the hives again even though I was taking my meds all day.&nbsp; Is the something that they body does at night, like release toxins or something?&nbsp; I know other have experience this same pattern of sorts and I was just wondering if it would help explain some things.&nbsp; Reply if you can help.
Anna...~Lunarlady
Hi to all of you who suffer from chronic or occassional hives.   Zyrtec and Hydroxizine.  These meds made it possible, through the years, for me to have periods of a year to three years at a time with no breakouts.  My hives were/are/ daily for years, a truly depressing and debilitating thing as the wear an tear on both the body and nerves accumulates - especially when so many people around you do not understand.  At the time, no forums like this existed and it wasn't until years later that chronic urticaria was even considered a self-standing issue.  An air purifyer in the room you sleep in is also helpful - I've done the mattress, box spring and pillow plastic covers thing (hot, noisy and others see you as a freak) but if it works for you it is a blessing. Water and it's quality does make a difference.  If anyone out there has tried other things that work for them, please let me know.  I hate being on medication and feel for anyone that has to be on anything to live. Good luck to you all. Urticarina
Hi anna..
 am here..
I am aware that I am highly allergic to many foods such as diary, tomatoes, beef, and fish.&nbsp; I recently have found out that when&nbsp; eat chicken and spicy foods that I will get hives and bite like marks on my body.&nbsp; I know something is going on inside of me and realy need to find out what.
I just came across this thread. if anyone can help me please email me or reply to this. im in desperate mode:(
Heat, as in when you're in bed at night, makes itches worse. I have been using Ice Gel..usually used for sports injuries!!!!  it cools and takes away the itch. I don't have hives though, it's a form of (plant caused) dermititis. Have been on and off Prenisolone for mths, but now can be free of it as the itch seems to hve disappeared completely since using the ice gel. I sometimes use a few drops of peppermint essential oil in a tepid batch also. Menthol seems to calm itches.Good luck to all and please get diagnosed correctly! Wendy from Oz x
Hi all,Thank you!
I have same pattern. Not just at night...any time I relax. I noted the difference when I began working day /night rotating shifts. If I would relax during my break I would get hives. Same thing for overnight sailing races- whether sitting in an office chair, lying in bed, or stretched out on the deck of a boat soaking wet and strapped down, the hives popped up. The only plus is I don't get sick- ever. My theory is my immune system is hyperactive and when I relax it attacks me somehow. Could be I developed immunity from working ER for so long, and the crap my kids bring home. But for so many years even google couldn't point me towards others with same thing.
I've had hives now on and off for about
After taking a three week vacation at Christmas, I returned home only to wake up in the middle of the night with hives all over my legs, arms and back. I immediately changed all the linens on my bed, but the next night I had the hives again and ever since coming back home on 1/2/14. It's now 6/11/14 and the hives are still coming while I sleep.  They used to go away at around 3 pm in the afternoon, but nolonger go away and itch all day and all night.  It's enough to drive you crazy.  I have yet to have this condition diagnosed as all any allergist or dermatologist wants to do is treat the problem with expensive meds that don't work.  I just joined this blog, so hopefully I'll beable to read about someone who has the cure.

milk products have never bothered me, sorry I can't be of more help.

Hi Teri,Shelley
Hi there! 
I don't have asthma (my son does) but I hear that chest pain is common in asthma sufferers.  The sharp pains you get, is it when you take in a breath?  Have you ever looked into Pleurisy?  This is when the lining of your lungs become inflammed.  Usually the docs will prescribe pain meds to deal with the pain and it will settle down once the asthma is controlled.  Do you use an inhaler or any other asthma med?



Hey, I have been having the exact same pain, upper left chest, with shortness of breath.  I was beginning to think that I was having heart failure or cardiovascular disease (Though I'm not even remotely close to being at risk).  Just like you I was diagnosed with asthma as a kid but as an adult didn't really deal with it much.  So during all of my chest pain episodes I never though aboutGod Bless
Just prior to being diagnosed with asthma a little over a year ago, I had a sharp pain in my chest accompanied by shortness of breath and sweating. It only lasted for aboutTom
My asthma recently got a lot worse too. It was pretty severe when I was a child, got slightly better, and then gained almost 30 new allergies and my asthma got worse. I've definately experienced that sharp pain, and it is scary because it doesn't feel like anything I'd normally associate with my attacks. I almost always have a sore feeling when I breath in or out deeply. However, this pain is sudden and in a way knocks the breath right out of me. I guess I treat it by staying on my regimin of meds, excercising to maintain lung strength and capacity, and trying to breath slowly and deeply when I'm having dificulties.

I have taken prednisone many times over the past 10 years. Each was a 10 day supply. I'd usually got a new prescription of it every 3 or 4 months. My pulmonologist says I should never take it again. (weight gain and body swelling). One of my first medications I took for allergies / asthma we Singulair but it never helped me.
Singulair is helping with my allergies but not the asthma. I had nothing but chest pain about 5 months prior to full blown asthma. I went to a cardiologist and he said it was non cardiac related, then a gastroenterologist and finally a pulm when my breathing trouble began. I actually started taking Nexium and it did help. But now I know the pain was most likely associated with my lungs. I still have the sporatic chest pain as well. I haven't found any pain reliever that can help it. I took aspirin to try and relieve it before I knew I had asthma, and it got worse. So definately not that. It seems the pain would be from the spasms I am guessing. It is really common.
I too suffer from Chest pain, I've had asthma since I was 3 and the last time I went to the Dr regarding my asthma they asked me if I had experienced any chest pain (at that time I hadn't). So I said no, should I? And they explained to me that taking &quot;emergency&quot; inhalers only treats part of the problem and over time scar tissue build up in your bronchial tubes, thus causing the pain. Then they recommended I switch to advair which treats the whole problem. I declined as advair is too expensive (and at the time I had no pain). Unfortunately you have to remember western medicine is flawed, since prescriptHope that helps others
I also get chest tightness as well. Most of the time after I eat or stress. 
I have gotten pain in my upper back, usually between the shoulder blades, when things are bad. This is in addition to the chest pain and other problems with an attack. Even when I am not in some sort of crisis my ribs and back are very sore.
So I got to the doctors the other day and he put me on 50mg of Prednisone for 5 days, then 45mg for 5 days, then 40mg and so on, dropping off 5mg every five days. I hate this stupid drug... but, its working wonders! I feel so much better! (not 100% yet, but better) I always get the pain between my shoulder blades when i'm bad - thats normaly the sign i look for to tell me i'm getting into trouble. BUT, the pain in my chest and back is almost gone and I can almost go to work without having major problems. (sleeping is still an issue though - im still waking up atleast twice a night coughing and wheezing) I'm so happy the rib-cracking feeling is gone! I can cough now and it doesn't feel like my ribs are breaking! (GO ME!) Asthma just sucks. But, like I told my doc a few years back, Asthma is something I have. It does not define me. It is not who I am. I'll carry on living my life the way I want to and the asthma can either tag along for the ride and behave itself or just go away.
Hi,  I am new and very grateful to be here.  I have had chest pain for aboutSundog


I've had Asthma since I was five years old. Very mild now but I've been getting chest pains for a few years now...every once in a while It'll start to hurt and worsen the deeper breath I take...right under the ribcage on my right side or up in the pectoral muscle on my left side....it's strange....any ideas what it could be??
I am 21 and i have asthma since i was 6 months old, and it has not gotten any better since then. I have moderate to severe asthma. I get chest pains a lot. I have been to an asthma specialist and they have done everything and can not find out why i get them. They mainly come around when the weather is changing. Since i live in Kansas it can be 30 one day and 70 the next. Has anyone found a way to get them to stop at the time? or to relieve the pain? They are so bad sometime i am in tears. Inhalers or nebulizers do not work they just make me all shaky and  calm me down. Ali
I have also had asthma all my life.   It was severe as a child and an adolescent and then after years of allergy shots it appeared to disappear.  Over the past number of years, I have experienced severe chest pain with shooting pains throbbing from my heart  radiating out into my chest.  This  last time it has lasted 7 weeks.  This time, my blood pressure went up 30 points above normal and I had a tight band around my chest as well as the chest pain.   Toronto Canada
I am new to this site as well as to asthma.  It first began with monthly chest infections and loads of antibiotics and sometimes having to be nebulized. Then I discovered organic apple cider vinegar that put an end to the infections but not the chest burning and general discomfort (earache, sore throat).  On one occasion I had severe chest spasms and was given an ECG.  Nothing wrong with the heart. Then incessant (dry) coughing resulted in x-rays being done which also showed nothing was wrong with my lungs.  Eventually ( 9 months later) the GP diagnosed asthma.  I'm using an antihistamine, an inhaler and nasal spray and yet another attack managed to sneak through.  Now the metered inhaler and some short term medication (cortisone) have been added to the arsenal but after 3 days I'm still experiencing breathlessness and pain in the chest and back. I found this site in the hope of learning if other suffers also had similar pains.  It is comforting to read about others who also suffer similar pains.  Some GP's claim it's all psychosomatic because I don't have a wheeze!
I don't always have a wheeze with my asthma. I do have chest pain with mine that started in the last 2 years. My chest gets tight with a sharp pain mostly to the left and shortness of breath. last year they even ended up dong a heart cath as the heart doc and lung doc convinced me it was my heart again and it turned out that it was all from my asthma as my stent and arteries were pristine according to the heart doc. I also have GERD and allergies that cause my asthma to act up big time. It's hard with me to tell what is causing the chest pain from the doctors veiw as the all mimic the other problems. My heart doc agreed with me this year that it is all from my asthma. I'm glad he agreed because I was not going through a heart cath again or a nuclear study. The nuclear study is the only way my heart problem shows up, but is not good to have every year if it can be avoided. I don't know why my asthma changed over the last 2 years to include the chest pain, but it does seem to be worse when i have an episode. Barb
A couple of months before I was diagnosed with asthma and had an attack I had a really sharp pain my chest near my heart that intensified when I breathed in. I could be wrong, but for me it seemed to fit the description of PCS (precordial catch syndrome) - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Precordial_catch_syndrome
Welcome,Joy
Hello all.. Well like most previous posters I'm new to this site, but I'm not new to Asthma or the varried broncial disorders that come along with it. 
I see you mentioned acid reflux....Joy
Question...Joy
Please read the forum rules....
I'm new to this forum and relatively new to having allergic asthma.  I have been prescribed symbicort, patanase and nasonex and that combination generally works to control the wheezing and shortness of breath.  I've noticed recently that when I do a hard cardio workout, it is difficult to get a full breath.  I'm also a free diver and like to train in the pool.  Lately, my workouts have been dramatically reduced due to my inability to get even close to a full breath.  After a pool workout where I've stretched my lungs as much as possible, my chest is quite sore; primarily on the right side.  I assume this is due to possibly straining my lungs during my workout?  In any event, I have set up another appointment with my allergist to see if there is anything else I can do to increase my ability to get a full breath under duress, and to not strain my lungs to the point where my chest hurts.  If anyone has any thoughts or ideas or can relate to what I'm experiencing, I'd love to hear aboutRick
My Mom has had Ad for 5 yeras now. She hurt her back in Sep 2002, &quot;Compression fracture&quot;. She lives in her own her but since she her hurt back we called in renifrocements and started in home care givers to help. In December we started care 24 hrs. a day. Dr said we needed to put her in a nursing home or have more care.I'm glad I found this place, Was losing my mind, Its the size of a peanut and soon it will be the size of a pea!! God bless,&quot; tc all&quot;

So Sorry Moonstruck! I'm living with Alzheimer's,not dying from it.At least for now.I ffel bad for you,enjoy her for as long as you can.Take her out often,let her get sun,& see the world even though she may not remember.That's what I old my hubby to do for me when I no longer know what's going on.I don't want to stagnate by being inside all the time.
Hi I am a 57 year old female and I am new here.&nbsp; My Father was diagnosed with&nbsp;Alzheimer's and passed away in 1990.&nbsp; In 1996 my Mother was diagnosed with Alzheimer's and passed away in 1999.&nbsp; It is my understanding that my chances of getting the disease are greatly increased from the fact that both parents had it.&nbsp; Has anyone here been tested for the gene that carries the disease?&nbsp; Would anyone want to know that they were going to get the disease?&nbsp;&nbsp;My sibblings and I have debated that question for a long time.&nbsp; Thank you for listening.&nbsp; &nbsp;
Hello Ozzie,
Thank you HealthProblem for your reply and for posting the article.&nbsp; I read it and it was helpful.&nbsp; I used to go to Alzheimer's support group meetings when my Mom was in the nursing home.&nbsp; I learned a lot from those, &nbsp;but I am aware that a lot has been learned in these five years since she passed away.&nbsp; 
I was tested twice,have 2 MRI that show the Plaque & tangles.i have only been dx 6 yrs,but knew 2 yrs.before.........
Thank you for your reply Rosie.  I'm sorry about your Dad.  It's really great that you are giving your Mom a break every week.  Thanks again for replying to my post.
Hi Lyn and thank you for your reply.  I'll try to keep coming back.  It's easier to stay in denial about things if I don't come here. lol   I'm sorry for what you are going thru with your Mom.  Seems we all have the worrying in common. Thanks again.
It's definite,AD can be found in Spinal fluid now........
I'm in the second stage of the 7 stage chart,even after 8 yrs.I had the Spinal tap done,thogh the testing is done now that wasn't available then in the spinal fluid.
AR......How ya doing sis and hows your Dad?...............Mom isnt doing too good lately relly still upset with the whole "home" thing and the other kids:it has me quite stressed as well...............But on a good note we went to Strathroy(howies mom lives there) and there is a 62 bed home for sale there and has 2 houses on property as well...........Went yesterday and met with the realtor and the place is beautiful (was a nursing home) comes fully equipped with all ya need to open and I still have contacts within the system for residents:I would open it as a retirement home and have some pysch patients as well(of course in different area though) and we could live in the big house and rent the smaller one out for income ............The Canadian gov has a great amount of monies availiable to start up businesses and will pay half of the employees wages for the first year.I am so excited about it all and I have that sparkle in my eye again ............I could take Mom and Dad with me there and the house is big enough for them to have their privacy and still be with me ..........This also solves the problem of the other kids sticking their noses in ...wish me luck will ya and lots of prayers sis ................Hope you are being well and taking care of self as well ...............God Bless......yak at ya soon ...........Lyn
SnowyLynn, if the title of the book, The 36 hour Day?
Am keeping you and your Dad (and Mom) in my thoughts and prayers sis ....give him a big hug for me .............It is my wish that Mom goes in her sleep as well w/o pain and suffering ,she too is slipping but not quickly ,and I pray that she just knows how much I love her and appreciate all she has done for me in my lifetime ............Take care and you be well too ..........Yes it will be a big undertaking but its something I love to do soooooo I am ready and maybe it will stop me from worrying about sickness all the time .............God Bless and Watch Over You and Your Family........Lyn&nbsp;
I have been wondering if there is anyone posting here who is an Alzheimer's&nbsp;patient &nbsp;themselves.&nbsp; I know that some patients have kept journals and even written books about their mental decline.&nbsp; 
Ozzie,This is me -&nbsp;its always nice to have a face with a name!&nbsp;(I'm on the left)&nbsp;
I have Alzheimer's.

She is 84, no physical in over 40 years and no Dr. contact since she retired as a receptionist/clerical in a medical practice.&nbsp; She will not, and I mean not, go to a Dr.&nbsp; I've worked quietly with an elderly coalition who checks on her and offers her services, mentioned concerns, etc.&nbsp; About a month ago now I found out that she fell and it took her about 3 hours, per her, to get to the phone.&nbsp; She did not call me for help nor 911 but called a friend who told her to call a neighbor, who got the apt. manager, whose daughter is an RN, and they got her up and thought she was "fine" but she wasn't sure about what day it was, etc.&nbsp; Now I know she also has a drinking problem.&nbsp; My two cousins and I are the relatives she has.&nbsp; The female cousin out west has been on SSDI for mental illness for years, is bipolar, and has a history of hospitalization and suicide attempts.&nbsp; My male cousin lives here--he isn't job hunting yet (2 years) but is all over the country at auto races.&nbsp; She is not his priority.&nbsp; This leaves me--and I have fought my second recurrence of ovarian cancer since 8/03 and now the chemo has failed and we are in MAJOR decision time (as in should I quit, etc.)&nbsp; Today I went to take her some gift certificates for the grocery a woman takes her to and some newspaper sections.&nbsp; The day of the fall, her dinner burned on the stove as it boiled dry.&nbsp; Today she checked when I came and she had nearly waterless macaroni.&nbsp; She rationalized away what looks to be an infected eye as "well, this looks like something the man upstairs had, and they had to take it off, and it was nothing.&nbsp; After that I've been more sensitive about my eyes and I scratched it cleaning the mucous out."&nbsp; Not when it's read around the eyelid and underneath.
Hi Margaret.

Will he see a Neurologist????

I have been on Seroquel one week,I'm doing great,I'm me again,lol
Hi..I am new here.&nbsp; My husband of 48 years has Pick's disease, we think.&nbsp; At any rate, his disease is progressing rather rapidly.&nbsp; We have been on a merry-go-round for the last 5 months.&nbsp; I am getting exhausted.&nbsp; I have visited the nearest Adult daycares that are relatively near me and they are pretty awful.&nbsp; I have found a very nice residence for him , but am not sure if we are ready for that yet.&nbsp; I am wondering what Medicare will pay for along the lines of home help and where I can find out about this.&nbsp; Just getting him through a shower is about more than i can manage.&nbsp;&nbsp;I fell a couple of weeks ago and I think I need surgery on my shoulder, but that's out of the question while he is home.&nbsp; Is there a website that addresses the Medicare issue perhaps..TIA&nbsp; Nanners2
He has NOT been diagnosed yet?A Neurologist is the best person to have..
Go to the Medicare website.I don't know the URL,but type it in your browser....Lynne

Moderators:  This post has obtained permission to post this notice.
&nbsp;I NEED HELP. FAMILY MEMBERS ARE TRYING TO TAKE MY FATHER AWAY FROM ME BECAUSE THEY WANT HIS ASSETS. I'V TAKEN CARE OF MY MOTHER AND FATHER FOR THE LAST 7 YEARS. MY MOM DIED LAST YEAR AND I DON'T HAVE TO BE A GENIUS TO KNOW THAT IF I WASN'T HERE MY FATHER MIGHT NOT BE ALIVE TODAY. NOT BECAUSE IT WAS ME BUT BECAUSE SOMEONE, ANYONE WAS THERE TO COMFORT AND LOVE HIM. I'VE TAKEN CARE OF THIS MAN WITH NO HELP NOT A STITCH FROM THE PEOPLE THAT WAN'T TO PUT MY FATHER IN I DON'T KNOW WHERE. I HAVE A COURT DATE IN ABOUT THREE WEEKS AND I NEED A LAWYER THAT IS KNOWLEDGABLE OF THE SITUATION AND UNDERSTANDS THAT I FEEL MY FATHER MIGHT FALL APART COMPLETELY IF HE IS TAKEN TO UNFAMILIAR SURROUNDINGS WITHOUT SOMEONE TO RELATE TO. I WILL DO WHATEVER IS HUMANLY POSSIBLE TO STOP THIS INSANITY! IF YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL PLEASE HELP ME.
SUE, I'M FROM BROOKLYN,NEW YORK AND I KNOW MY FAMILYS INTENTIONS BECAUSE I WAS SERVED WITH THE PAPERS THIS WEEK. HOWEVER, THANK YOU FOR YOUR KIND WORDS, THEY ARE A SOURCE OF STRENGTH AS I FEEL VERY ALONE. I AM PREPARED TO GO THE WHOLE NINE YARDS AND FIGHT FOR MY FATHER. IT SEEMS SO UNFAIR THAT THEY CAN'T OR WON'T REALIZE WHAT TAKING MY FATHER OUT OF HIS SAFETY ZONE WILL DO TO HIM. LIKE I ALWAYS SAY IT COULD BE WORSE AND I HAVE A STRONG FAITH THAT THINGS WILL WORK OUT, I HAVE TO. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUGGESTIONS I WILL FOLLOW UP ON THEM
Hi there mikeyb,
THANKS FOR THE NICE WORDS. I GLAD YOUR FAMILY HAS THE DECENCY TO GIVE YOU THE SUPPORT YOU DESERVE. WHAT MOST PEOPLE DON'T REALIZE IS THAT WHEN YOU TAKE CARE OF SOMEONE YOU LEARN SO MUCH ABOUT YOURSELF. IT'S NOT WHAT YOU GIVE BUT WHAT YOUR GETTING FROM THESE SITUATIONS. I FEEL SORRY FOR MY OTHER FAMILY MEMBERS BECAUSE THEY REFUSE TO SHARE PART OF THEIR FATHERS LIFE THAT THEY WILL NEVER KNOW. YES IT CAN BE TEDIOUS. YES MY POP IS A PAIN IN THE ASS SOMETIMES. YES, I WISH I WAS IN VEGAS SOMETIMES BUT THAT'S LIFE. 
don't have the resources to change attorneys but have been trying to light the fire under his ass. i've spent the last few days trying to get papers together-at this point all i want to make sure of is that my father stays with me. he still is a viable person who takes care of himself and i wouldn't want what's left of his life to be cut short. you can always make money but i only have one father. there is something inside me, maybe my faith in God that tells me everything will be alright and i going with it. What's the sense of projecting, i really do know what will happen. i'll know monday or we'll keep fighting. i post the outcome
had my rotor cuff in my left shouldr repaired Monday,hurts terribly,biy i';; l;ive,lol.Anesthetic didn't harm my memory any,i'm greatful,for that......

HE'S IN DENIAL. WHEN I ASKED HIM IF HE WANTED TO MOVE TO FLORIDA WITH ME, HE REPLIED,&quot;WHY SHOULD I MOVE, THIS IS MY HOUSE&quot;. THERE IS NO WAY MY FATHER WILL LEAVE THIS HOUSE ON HIS OWN. HE'S LIVED HERE FOR 50 PLUS YEARS. iF HE WERE FORCED TO MOVE, IT WOULD UPSET HIM TO SICKNESS, I KNOW IT. IN THE LAST FEW MONTHS, I'VE CHANGED DOCTORS. HE IS IN THE CARE OF THE VETERENS ADMIN. I HAVE AN APPOINTMENT WITH THE PHYSC NEXT WEEK. WILL POST RESULTS-THANKS FOR THE INFO-GOD BLESS
My father was first diagnosed with alzheimer's, but has now been told that he doesn't have the disease, but the doctor does not know what it is.  Does anyone know of any other conditions or diseases that can have similiar symptoms?
He has seen both.
Oh,yes all that too,in some people,not all.............
He has never had any seizures.
Not all who have Alzheimer's have seizures,maybe 5% do........

Hi: I am trying to get information about a new drug from Germany to retard or hold off Alzheimer's. I read it in an article, but I misplaced it. Dows anyone know about this drug?
Happy New Year everyone. I'm just trying to be optimistic even though I know each new year brings more downhill situations. Last I wrote in, my mom was given galantamine 8mg. She took it for 2 months and showed no signs of improvement. She started to sleep all the time. Her doctor then took her off and said we've run out of drugs for her to combine with Namenda since the others gave her other side effects. I thought my mom would be more alertopen her eyes sometimes so she closed them and then tears drip down. Once her eyes closes then she just falls asleep. I love my mom dearly and I feel so helpless to see her get worse. It's like watching a very slow moving tragic movie.
I read that it can cause heart problems. Is that true?She would put my mom back on if I ask her to. I just don't know if it really works on her or not.
Thank you all for your input. I just called her neurologist and she will put my mom back on the medication since it doesn't seem to be the reason for her sleepiness. My mom does have eyedrops for allergy. I will contact her family doctor to see if dry eyes may be the problem instead.
Hi there. I am happy to find this site. I recently started caring for my mom, she has alzheimers. There is so much to do. How does a person keep up? I stopped going to school for a year, but it is time to get back. I work part-time as a substitute teacher, married and have 3 young children of my own. I just moved her (my mom)&nbsp;from California to Texas a month ago. She is staying in an apartment across the street from my house. This way she can still live on her own and I can keep an eye on her. I am never sure when to check on her. I have not found the correct timing thing yet. Sometimes I am with her so much, I get nothing accomplished at home!&nbsp; If I declare it a home day to get something done, I feel guilty for not spending the day with her and wondering every minute if she is all right? It seems like I am always a few chores behind! Bills,food, laundry to name a few for two households is hard to get done. Does it get easier?? I do not see how? I have contacted my local chapter, I start in a support group next week. I will also find out about adult daycare then. Any tips somebody has will be happily tried.
Thank-you for your reply. I am going to check into getting a POA today. I manage her money so I can pay her bills for her. I'm still triing to get her moved into her apartment!! Got to get going now.
Hi, My mother-in-law moved in with us this past July, after the police called us and said they had&nbsp;found her about 45 miles from here. She didn't know where she was going or how she got there, other then to know that she drove her car. We were lucky she didn't get hurt or hurt someone else. We didn't relize that she had gotten that bad before then. Never know what she is going to say about living here. She doesn't think she has been her since July, just a few days. Sometimes she thinks we are just staying at someone's house and that they will be mad when they come home. Then she may say that she is renting this house. Every night we have to aruge about taking her meds, she says that she doesn't take any at night, then we have to show her the bottle, then she will say the doctor never told her how to take them. At night, she allways thinks that her sister is here. One funny thing she does is, most every night she drinks a small glass of wine (she has for many years) for some reason she doesn't want us to see her so she gets up and goes to get it after she thinks we are asleep. Anyways I can deal with all of that stuff. The problem is with her personal care. She had a colosimy in 2000 and she makes a mess at times with it. She gets poop on her cloths, shoes, floor, everywhere. When she does she says it's not from her, or that it is not poop on her, it's just some dirt she must of brushed up to.&nbsp;My wife will ask to let her help to clean her up and to change her bag. 9 out of 10 times that will start a fight between them. They start yelling, calling each other names, and the last few times mom has kicked at my wife. Today it went on for an hour. My wife starts crying and says she can't do it anymore. Then she will go check and she is still standing in the bathroom and hasn't done anything and with no bag on, getting poop all over. And they go at it again. I can't help mom, she WON"T let me because I'm a man, plus half the time she doesn't remember who I am anyways. Then a bit latter my wife I&nbsp;went out and I asked her (mom) about&nbsp;them fighting and she said they don't fight, she is her best freind and she wouldn't fight with her.&nbsp;I aked her why she won't ley my wife help her with her bag, she clams my wife never has asked to help her and she doesn't need any help anyways because she knows how to take care of herself. I just don't know what to do anymore. Fred
.
I went there to check,but said it wasn't working or something,I forgot......
Hey there....I was here in 2001 and you people really helped me with my mom and her Alzhiemer's.....now I need your help again....my boss's dad has Alzhiemer's and is in Arizona...anyone familiar with that state?&nbsp; I'm in Washington State and I'm sure they have different laws down there....what I would like to know is how to get help for my boss in getting her dad to get admitted to an Alzhiemer's Home....evidentaly S. registered her dad with&nbsp;a Home, S. has the power-of-attorney, but until he says "yes" S. can't get him admitted.&nbsp;In fact, she can't even get him out of the car&nbsp;if they go somewhere, except back to his place.&nbsp;As we all know, denial is a HUGE part of the begining stages of the big A....she finally got the van disabled so he can't drive, but S. works up in the North here, her dad won't move in with her (she brought him up here to stay for a while and THAT was a huge disaster).....she's been down there since the 10th of Dec. trying to talk her dad into going into this wonderful place that has a golf course and all, and he won't go.&nbsp; She even arranged for Meals-on-wheels and he left the house after they called to say they'd be there.&nbsp; Any ideas?&nbsp; Suggestions?&nbsp; Anything would be welcomed.
Het her to a Neurologist.Primary care Drs don't know that much about AD(Alzheimer's).

Folding clothes is a good one that many still enjoy,towels,wash cloths this type of thing.It depends on how far into the disease that are.
Most people who have AD cannot learn,or understand,esp.when the daycare question is raised.In the case of EOAD the person does not need daycare,by the time the poor caregiver is ready the person is sundowning,attatched at the hip(so to speak)to his/her caregiver.
Hi Laura,
Hello! I've been looking for something like this because there's soooooo much information on Alzheimer's and it can be confusing. Especially when the information I read doesn't match up with what I'm seeing. My grandmother was diagnosed with Alzheimer's a yearish ago, although I've been seeing signs of it for at least 5 years. 
You don't say if she's on any AD meds,or antidepreeeants,is she on anything??
Hello,My mother needs to go to the dentist soon for a teeth cleaning and fillings. The last time I took her was over a year ago and it was quite a struggle to get x-rays taken of her cavities. We were there for 2 hours.  Does anyone have experience with this from a loved one with Dementia who won't cooperate? This could apply to mammograms, vision test, etc where the patient need to follow directions.
Yes sedation is out. My mom would be very disoriented and may not even open her mouth. My sister asked me this morning how people with Dementia get tested for things due this problem. I told her they probably don't and die from diseases that weren't detected. People don't die from Dementia, they die with it.  As for teeth, they probably let it rot and fall out.
I saw my own dentist yesterday and asked him if he treated dementia patients and he said no. I then told him aboutSedation would not be good for my mom. I would never be able to get her home after wards. haha
Makes me happy I don't have teeth.I can eat just as well with dentures as without......
I depending what food is n if im alone lol i mow down w/o dentures..&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Co Mod for... CROHNS..ANXIETY/ PANIC.....ALZHEIMERS
I wouldn't force the issue though......Why cause the person undo stress?
Could the dental infection be causing issues with your mothers brain? Brain is inches away
Just wanted to say hi to everyone.CandyJane
Hi Donna,CandyJane
&nbsp;
Glad yer here Milo,it's me,Lynne
CNA=Certified Nursing Assistant
Hello - I am new to this chat room.
Welcome.You can find out by going to alzinfo.org & talking with people who have this disease,plus other dementias.chat hours are:2 pm & 8 pm central time.
Hi Pat,CandyJane
We've recently updated the My Profile &gt; Edit Profile section.&nbsp; Please visit and update your signature as needed.&nbsp; We've had a few users with badly formatted code in their signature and so we encourage you to update it as you get time.
Keep bumping this, cuz I am notorious on forgetting how to edit my signature for my medications LOL! I'm always asking how, so if we just leave this at the top, I can self help LOL&nbsp;
If you go to the main forum listing page there is a post on the very top call &quot;Announcements&quot;.  This is on there as well so you don't have to keep bumping it up (on AZ) for yourself. :)
I've tried to find my signature in my profile but can't find it. I signed up over 3 yrs ago and never used this. I so think it's great. Because of back an neck problems I could never stay on my desktop long enough to really have time. Now that I have a laptop, I think I will be taking advantage of this website. I can't remember even using a signature. How can I find out what it is?
Hi,
Hi, do you drive?  If so, you should take over the task.  If not, consider the risks of him getting into an accident or causing one.  How would you feel if he killed someone and you didn't do anything to prevent it.  Or how would he feel?  I know this because...my father in law has alzheimer's and we had to ask him that same question a couple yrs ago.  He was a bad driver and did not realize it.  Good luck...Sassy
My grandmother hides the keys from my grandfather. She also has to lock the door with the key and hide them because my grandfather will wander off in the night. He thinks she's trying to kill him, so he tries to escape. I don't know if he's asked to drive or not, but I know for sure she wouldn't let him!
Do any of y'all go to support groups? Do you find it to be beneficial? I keep reading about how it's a good idea for the caregivers to go, but I'm having a difficult time finding one in my area. 
Hi Pixie -  Great Topic!
Hello Snowy just stopping by to say hello and see how you are doing.
Larry is having his right knee done,then hopes to have the other done later.
Since Monday is Valentine's Day, I took Nana to a place called Hidden Talent. They have ceramics and you can paint them. She picked out a heart, painted it red,&nbsp;and gave it to Papa. It now hangs on the wall over their bed. It took some convincing to get her to paint it herself, but she did a great job. Papa gave her a teddy bear that sings a love song. 
Today was wretched. Papa's sister died, and he flew out this morning to go to the funeral. He asked Nana if she wanted to go with him, and she said no up until we got to the airport to drop him off. Then for the next few hours she thought he didn't love her anymore and that he wouldn't let her go with him. I kept explaining to her that there wasn't enough time for her to get a ticket, but she was crying and was very upset. 
Hey Pixie . . . 
Pixie . . . glad to hear you got some sleep.  LOL.   Hope that Shiloh is well and back home fast.   Your Nanna sounds a lot like my dad.  Dad had a visit here today with mom . . . he did quite well and they stayed over an hour (which is good for him).  It is good that your Nanna wants to do stuff.  Dad and I worked a 30 piece jigsaw puzzle on Monday and mom said that he has guarded it all week and has finally taped it all together.  I plan to find more as we did spend some amount of time on that and he enjoyed 'helping' me.  
Hey Pixie!!!
LOL Pixie . . . I get lots of housework done in my sleep!!!!  I'm glad your homework was LESS than you thought.  Hooray!!!  That was God's blessing to you for taking such good care of Nanna.
Dad talks to strangers (which can be good or bad) and he was helping me pick out computer software (games) . .. but we haven't found a good one yet ( his computer doesn't have sound).   We hae also sat at their computers and go on the internet.  He like to work the mouse and he does well with it too!  But ultimately he ends up by the newspapers and wants to check one out.  So we usually go righ after and just buy one.    If we bring home a computer game he guards it all week till I come back. . . so he doesn't know my name but he will associate the game with me.  
Hey Pixie!!!!!
I second AR on this one Pixie .where are you and how are you doing ?........Please post and let us know k we arw missing you ......take care and God Bless
Hardly anyone posts much.Hope all is well with everyone.
Sounds like a great idea Pixie.
I'd have never thought about doing a puzzle with Nana; we're not a puzzle family (we've all got short attention spans for projects), but now I really want to make one. I may just go to Wally World tonight and pick one up tonight. Do you use a special glue or is any clear kind ok?
I bet SnowLynn could do the clock face . . . depends on how far advanced the patient is.  Dad is very good at directions.  He can't tell you the name of the streets . . .but he can sure find his way around when I am driving.  But he doesn't remember people at all.  He doesn't know his own children.  I think each person hangs on to some things that are important to them.
Snowy . . . you are really doing great . . . I love it.   I hope hubby heals fast so he can have the other knee done!  People that have that done say it was the best thing they've ever done for themselves.
&nbsp; Good Morning All........My name is Lyn and I was just made&nbsp;a moderator for the Alzheimers forum.As stated in previous posts my mother has AD and has had for over 7 years,I have been moms primary caregiver since her dx. I have been reading previous threads and posts and have come to know some of you or a bit of your situation thru them.I do hope that we together can make this a place to come where we can&nbsp;get support ...ask questions and get answers .......laugh together and if need be even cry together.I am hoping to be able to ask some of the more seasoned veterans for their help as I am sure i may stumble...............for too I am only human.SnowyLynne I look forward to yakking about our days as nurses and the changes that are now in effect,,,,,,,,,,,and to all the rest I hope you will pop in and say hello.I am on the crohns forum and have pyoderma gangrenosum.I look forward to meeting you all...........................................TAKE CARE and GOD BLESS..
Good morning Lyn. I have a s-i-law with AD.&nbsp;It's been good to read many of the posts from there.&nbsp;I have only recently found Healing well but have found so many nice folks here and am sure I will learn so much from&nbsp;each one.&nbsp;Good luck to you. Carol
Hey there! I also have Osteoporosis,Pernicious Anemia,HBP,Hypothyroid,Emphysema,Osteoarthritis that I've had since I was 25,most likely due to the 2 years I was on steroids from having ITP when I was 19.A Splenectomy was what saved my life.
AlwaysRosie........one of my moms favorite things to do is look at old photos and we always pull them out and lay them on the floor.I thought it would be a good project as well as fun to make a collage of these pics so now she likes to make them at least once a week and has them in her room.I dont know if you and your dad would like something like that but just a thought. Another thing mom myself and my daughter do together is when the leaves have been falling we collect them and identify them and then take them home and i lay them out on saran wrap,a piece on bottom and lay out the leaves and then another piece over top and then she irons it or has my girl do it. i remember her helping me with this as aproject for school many many years ago lol.........But of couse that one is for the fall season..I dont know if these may be of interest to you but i hope so if not let me know and i am sure there are others that know of some great things for you and your dad to do together . God Bless You and Yours ..................................................LYN
Thanks LKE/Lyn . . . this sounds exciting!!
I had many Drs.tell me I ask alot of questions just being an Aide,would laugh,& answer any questions I had.I did have thier respect,& they knew I was up on the lates things,as they would quiz me.I was as a LVN or RN to them,even though I wasn't one.It's not anywhere near like that now,& that's sad.No wonder the aides won't do anymore than they have to now.BUT that still doesn't excuse them.
AR...................Thanks!...............I hope your dad and you have fun with this,I am starting to think we need a &quot;thread&quot; on crafts and recreational ideas on its own.As a matter of fact I think I will do that and hopefully we will have other ideas as well as more peeps join in .What do you think of that ?.Take Care and God Bless
BOY was I ever happy when the allowed us to wear pantsuits(white).Hated bending over in those stupid dresses,lol.
Dad and I planted some Amarylus bulbs a couple months ago and he did enjoy that too!
AR SL...There are plenty of other topics we can delve into as well as recreational ideas...................I am going to have to go and check back on my mom she was highly aggitated and I still dont know what set her off....got her calmed down again but for my own piece of mind i am going to go and check on her and if need be I will stay til I know she is sleeping peacefully.She takes trazadone so she should settle in ok.will yak at ya later .Take Care and God Bless
BTW,Larry will have the other knee done in about 3 mos.Wow a fun time,lol.At least we know what expect next time.....
Not sure this is the right forum, but I feel I have something say aboutIn the end, it's always a balance between things. But looking at the emphasis on less salt in the diet in the last 3 or 4 decades and the increase in dementia like mental illnesses, I think that reduced salt intake is one of the factors. But how do you balance out with the bad effects for the heart? I think there is a way in the end, whether from your personal experimentation or from the medical science research community. I am not a doctor, I just work with computers.
Salty Soup, very interesting conclusions you have drawn.  I would agree that you would benefit greatly from a medical work-up by your physician and that it should include a complete blood panel and include electrolytes and various other minerals and vitamin levels in your blood.  They all interact so much, that assigning any one as the 'culprit' is often a bit one-sided.  We really are made up of a mixture of elements and they all need to be in balance with each other.  Too much of one can throw so many others off balance.  And remember, that not only our diets, but also our medication consumption and stress levels can impact these elements.
Hello! I'll try to keep this concise.. children again. I am very very worried that this pattern will start again. But what can I do? Becky is a very unstable person in general and she deserves to be able to visit, but I think the way she interacts causes more harm than good. I feel that the woman I care for's hallucinations/agitation stems from unresolved family issues (her being upset with Becky's boyfriend). There's no way to resolve this, and I'm not sure how to responde when she hallucinates. I tell her the children are alright, but she is pretty obsessed at the worst moments and can't be distracted (her short term memory is pretty much gone). Any suggestions would be much appreciated! Sorry this was so long! Thank You!
My primary mentioned using Ablilify,but not much has been said about it being used in dementia patients.Anyone know anything?I have cut my Seroquel 25mg in half taking it twice a week,it's still too much.Makes me feel not quite like a zombie,lol.
SnowyLynne...............The indications mentioned on the site for this med is for bipolar and schiophrenia(sp).The info cleary states not to be used in patients with dementia,may cause greater memory loss.........increased chance of strokes and mini strokes.I hope this helps you .You take care and God Bless
The Serroquel or Ablilify is the one that shouldn't be used?
My siblings and I just placed our mother, age 87, into the best assisted living facility we could find. She appears to be in Stage 5-6 and has deteriorated rapidly over the winter months. PSA now 0.05 11/2010
Oh, thank you Miriam, AKA Mimi, I do appreciate your kind and thoughtful post.PSA now 0.05 11/2010
Last August I brought mom from the east coast to live with us. I found a rental that would accommodate her and my four teenagers and we thought we would be able to stay here for three or four years. Our landlord recently let us know that he is going to sell his property and we have to be out. I will not be able to find another place to accommodate us again so I have been looking for an assisted living place for my mom. She has early onset Alzheimer's, is 65 and is still high functioning. I help her with her meds, food, and financials. She dresses herself and has no incontinence issues, helps around the house and does not wander ( she is too afraid to go out without us since she is not familiar with the area). The Assisted Living place I found is wonderful and feels like a community. I told her the other day I found an apartment for her to go and live in and she freaked out. Threatened to hang her self, said she absolutly will not go and tried to take off in her car but luckily my husband had already disconnected her battery. We did not get much sleep that night cuz we had no idea what she would do. She was up all night pacing, picking at her face and nails. I know she sis scared and we tried to reassure her that we are still going to there for her but nothing helped. The next day my husband tried to calm her again because she thought I was going to tie her up and send her to a sanitarium. He finally told her that is was still possible that she could come with us and that calmed her, so we have just left it at that.Carrie
 
In few assisted facilities, if patient opts for private room,one of the family members can also stay with the patient.When I was planning to shift my father to hospice, my mom also decided to stay there with him.

Talk to her about her sister,feel her out about it without mentioning her death.If she thinks she's in a boarding school,She may not even know what death is,or understand.Might be best to not say anything.


I recently read an article about bath time for the AD patient.  There were a couple good hints in the article I would like to share . . . if you have any others, please post.
...Always Rosie..........These are some really good tips for bathing. I think that our Moms a Dads have a real hard time with the full exposure ,I know my mom gets embarressed and I do cove rmirrors and try to help limit her anxiety as much as possible .Not too long ago I had to shave her pubic area as she was going for a procedure that had to have area shaved.Now even though I was use to doing this with patients ,it was a different scenario for me and I know it bothered Mom .What I did in that instance was have her talk about all kinds of things and keep her mind off what was going on (and mine).We ended up laughing as I was trying to joke as well...........am sure that this helped her as well as me because you dont realise just what you may have to do for your loved ones.............................Another thing that I have found with mom is that her balance is off and she is afraid of falling so my hubby put bath bars in her tub for her to grasp and feel more secure...............It has become a special time now for me and Mom when we have &quot;bath&quot; time as we are able to talk openly during this time and this is special for me as well as her .............Thanks for the topic it is a good one and hope others have some ideas as well........Take Care and God Bless
You can get them at home depot or a good pharmacy that has other supplies to help with the elderly and they are easy to install and cheap................Mom really does feel better being able to grab those bars and they are good to have them be able to lwer themselves into tub with help on the other side.If your Dad likes showeres they also have real cheap but sturdy chairs that will fit in tub so that he can sit if gets tired ...........be well and Huggs to your Dad............God Bless
I been here & there,& everywhere.I'm on many AD boards.Also am on a disability chat on MSN.I keep my mind very busy,can't afford not to.
As for bath time,If it's cold I don't take my clothes off period.I sleep in what I have on when it's cold.I do bathe several times a week,gotta keep the stench down,lol.
......Any Home Depot or hardware store will hav a section with some really good safety devices for&nbsp;our loved ones ...........Not to sure if States is the same as here but we can have the equipment covered by the Gov.,&nbsp;For the tub they have the grip bars and chairs that will fit right onto the tub so person can sit and be bathed or showered..........and they are very easy to install..as well there is another type of grip bar you put on the side of tub so the person is able to feel more independent and help themselves get out of tub......so basically you have grips on each side of tub.......If your loved one is in a w/c and they have a tendency to get out and fall there is a table top that can fit onto the chair and will do up with velcro.This is not considered a restraint as long as your loved one is able with determination LOL to get it undone.Posy bars are really good as well and keeps Mom o Dad from falling out.One thing to keep in mind when they are in w/c is to have a good pillow for them to sit on and if in depends to keep them dry as possible to limit the decubiti ulcers that start so easy on the elderly and are so hard to contain and get rid of ..........If anyone else has suggestions please post.Hope all have a great Easter and the Easter Bunny is good to ya .....Take Care and God Bless&nbsp;&nbsp;
Here is a suggestion for posting in the forums.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; There are 2 big reasons for this.&nbsp; 
Thanks Peter for the heads up on this..............would no doubt get the AD forum more lively when do what you have sugested .....God Bless
Please check the "chat schedule" for our April chats ..........Time is 8:oo pm and everyone welcome to come in and participate. 
Hey AR ...dont fret we will bear with you glad that you are going to try k .........I know that with all you are doing and with yourself being sick ......as well as ALL the love,support and care you give to peeps on here you are very a very busy woman.......My love to you ,your family and a big hug to your DAD and your MOM God Bless and Keep You All In His Arms
Glad things are better for you as of late .....yes you do take on a lot and ya need to slow down just a tad ..................I have made myself do just that ...........see you in chat .......take care and God Bless
Are you a relative of someone with Alzheimer's Disease? If so please go to http://www.alzheimerssurvey.vze.com. The survey is quick and anonymous. The survey is being used you a research paper on the affects of Alzheimer's on families. Thank you. If you have any questions email me at Alzheimerssurvey@hotmail.com.
ALways Rosie .............Just checking as that is not me doing the survey hun ..take care and God Bless
Thanks Lyn, 
..Thanks Peter............Did the suvey myself not too bad.....God Bless and Be Well
......Hi all I just need to say hi and let yous all know that I have been so exhausted today just from a panic attack ...never before has this happened to me so I am sure it has to do with getting the results finally tomorrow on the biopsy&nbsp;.............Does anyone ever get that stressed and then go into a complete melt down like i did today? Take Very good care of self,God Bless...........also have a nasty cold&nbsp; so that might be part of it lol
((((((((((((Lyn))))))))))))))
Thanks Always Rosie I would sure appreciate it if you could .....its at 8:00 pm ..usually Sl is in there I might check in if I am awake ok thanks again ......I sure do owe you one .............May God Bless and Keep You Safe Always
AR my appointment went great and I am going to be around a long time  it was B9 so my worries where unfounded I guess /acyually the Lord has more important things for me to do here I guess right ........Thanks for chat last night you let me know if you need anything ok ...............................God BLess and Keep You and Your Family Safe............sis&nbsp;
my mother in law has dementia/alzheimer's. i am losing my mind because she is driving me crazy! my husband and i have only been married for 2 1/2 years and his mom calls at least 20 times a day sometimes more. she lives alone since her husband passed a little over a year ago. the phone calls drive me insane and are putting a big strain on my marriage. she doesn't want anything when she call its always confused conversation like how did i get here? when am i leaving? who is coming to get me? she has lived in her house for 20 years and nobody is coming to get her. she needs to be in a facility like assisted living. we have home health care come there everyday from 10am-6pm but once they leave the phone calls begin! i cant take it much more and i am considering leaving my husband because it seems our marriage is all about his mom anymore and im so depressed and angry and i deserve to be happy. am i just being selfish and crazy myself? i don't know what to do can anyone please give me some advise or words of wisdom? is anyone else going through anything like this or similar?
I don't have experience with this kind of situation but here are my thoughts anyway: First, I think she needs round the clock care for her safety as well as for others.&nbsp; Maybe a visit to her doctor will be necessary for a request for this.&nbsp; Is she covered by Medicare or Medicaid, some sort of insurance?&nbsp; You will need to check with what services are available to her in your area.&nbsp; Ask your doctor's office for references in your town/city for where your husband&nbsp;should call.&nbsp; You must have a sit-down talk with your husband.&nbsp; He needs a wake-up call to this situation.&nbsp;&nbsp;I understand a reluctance for putting a parent in a facility but he needs to understand that his mother is scared and perhaps not in control of what she says or does and that she might be a danger to herself.&nbsp; Find a family counselor through insurance, city services or your church and have some sessions with your husband attending.&nbsp; All of this if for the sake of your marriage and for the well-being of everyone, not only his mother but of your own child.
Yes, it is rough on a marriage. My husband's mother just passed from dementia and heart issues, so we had my father, mother, and his mother. He supported me through the tough times in dealing with my parents, and I supported him when he was back in Philly for over three weeks. Trust me, as you'll see in another post from me, I was feeling the same way; I just wanted my life back. So I totally understand how you are feeling -- I haven't had a vacation in years and we are just starting to return to a normal life. It's tough to take care of elderly parents especially when they have dementia, and you are trying to work and hold your own life together. I agree with Kitt, please get a social worker or someone to do an assessment.
you are receiving some very good advice and it is good that you came to this site so that you have some support. I can see how frustrating this is for you, but I hope you can see the other side of this...not only is your mother in law frightened, but your husband is as well. It's very difficult for grown children to suddenly become the parents of our parents. It's just not natural and so very scary to realize what is happening to our parent. It definitely sounds like your MIL is very afraid to be alone. She will be so much better off in an assisted living facility or special memory section. The Alzheimer's Association has a hot line, I don't have the number, but someone is available 24/7. You can get the phone number off of their website www.alz.org. I truly hope your husband does something soon.
I'm sad to say that Kitt has a very good point about*, in '11 diagnosed with IBS, Diverticulosis, Fibromylagia..I also have Sacroiilitis, Scoliosis, Raynauds, OA, PA, Rosacea, Psoriasis, Dry Eye and allergies controlled by Zyrtec and Singular
*grabs Skittty and huggles* Howa reyou???     I agree with Sherry and Skitt ~Medical Caregiver and Doctors Worse Nightmare~
Yes they do Kitt.  I used to take my Jack Russel/Terrier to see my Gma on occasion at the AL center.  Sometimes my Black Lab as well.  All the residents loved seeing my dogs.*, in '11 diagnosed with IBS, Diverticulosis, Fibromylagia..I also have Sacroiilitis, Scoliosis, Raynauds, OA, PA, Rosacea, Psoriasis, Dry Eye and allergies controlled by Zyrtec and Singular
Oh god can I relate!! maybe my story will make u feel like ur situation isn't so bad (not that I am trying to dismiss ur valid issue).  I LIVE with my mother-in-law!!! At least u don't have to answer the phone which I stopped doin poor to moving in with fiance. Be thankful u don't live with.her b/c that will definitely break up ur marriage. My MIL calls me names, wakes me up constantly to beaten and accuse me of losing her things, starts an argument with me the second I come home from work, starts beating me with questions the moment I wake up in the morning. And those are on her &quot;good&quot; days. Honestly, it seems like she purposely messes with me. On top of that she now refuses to where her hearing aids so I have to yell to tell her anything. That is fun in the morning. So, I would gladly switch places with you. Try not to answer all calls. She will eventually not call as much. his mom anymore and im so depressed and angry and i deserve to be happy. am i just being selfish and crazy myself? i don't know what to do can anyone please give me some advise or words of wisdom? is anyone else going through anything like this or similar?
I've been caring for my parents for 14 months in their home with my husband and daughters help.  We have a home next door but stay together as they can't be left alone.  My mother has spent two trips; 2 weeks and 3 weeks in a behavioral unit for getting violent.  She's medicated and not drugged all up and things are better.  My father was staying angry all the time due to not being able to drive and it affected how he treated everyone.  I tried to talk him and he was just cruel.  He was in a behavioral unit for a week and now too takes medication and is better.  Mom is a wanderer, thinking she has a house somewhere else, brand new too!   Well I promised my father that I wouldn't put him in a home.  I honestly believed we could care for them.
Thank you Carol for the warm welcome and the advice.  My parents get healthy meals and take their meds under my direction right now. My husband doesn't believe in counseling.  So, it's something I would have to do alone.  I really feel a day program is best and honestly, there are waiting lists here for the memory care units.  For some reason,  and even our health insurance carrier, refers to this area as medically underserved.   The biggest problem is that regardless of what I do, it is impossible to meet this demand of my husbands.  It will take more time than he is allowing me.  I agree my parents would not want me to risk my marriage.  I do think though that they also would want me to make a decisionI guess it's too early since my husband told me this last night.  Time and trying to talk with him will tell.  But I want to take off his back everything now and let him live how he wants to.
Lyn,
I don't recommend anianxiety meds.Why? They make them more anxiuos & detract away from AD meds.much as Benedryl does.
Thanks Snowy and Lyn:
Hey Lyn . . . How are you feeling this week????  I am a bit concerned about you.
.....Thanks for asking I havent been well at all...losing wieght like there is no tomorrow and i am eating so I just dont get that .......last night I went into a full flare ...was in the br and felt like someone was ripping my guts out literally as well I was vomitting and had D as well ....pretty scary as I couldnt wake Cait or Howie up but I got out of there about an hour later .....my flares are getting worse it seems and it takes a lot out of ya ..............you take care and God Bless&nbsp;
(((((((((((Lyn))))))))))
.Thanks for the prayers I sure need them ......take care you .................God Bless&nbsp;
My mother has many cavities and her teeth are falling off in bits and pieces and her bridge is also in bad shape. I don't know what to do. Her regular dentist wouldn't work on her since last year because they feel her dementia is getting worse and they don't want the liability of her biting them even though I know she won't.  The problem she has is she just won't So first thing first. Does people with dementia just don't get their teeth cleaned or fixed? My poor mom has that look you see of women in their 90's with no teeth because she has quite a few missing in the front area.  Implants are out because they are very complicated and also take too long and painful I heard.
Thanks a lot.Dentists think all Alzheimer patients are violent and will hit them so for insurance liability reasons they say no.
Thanks it looks interesting but.... what is it?  I can always give my mom plain ice-cream but I just want her to be able to eat real food like meat.  Things with substance.  I know for myself I can't get full unless I eat bulky foods.  Things that satisfies the tummy and not just add calories in liquid form. When I was younger I ate Little Debbie peanut butter wafers and gained 10 pounds in no time.  Those were the good old days.
Well I got a fruit which help to whitening your teeth, yes its the straberries. No doubt they are good in taste but berries also have tooth whitening agents in them. You can benefit from the tooth whitening components of the fruits by rubbing some berries to your tooth. However, brush your tooth after following this home remedy for tooth whitening to prevent your tooth from suffering from side effects of acids and sugars in the fruits.
Dad has A LOT of blood in his urine.  I don't suppose this has anything to do with the alzheimers ???  Just wondered as I know we have a couple great nurses on this board.
My father in law had this symptom, it was kidney cancer, which required surgery but he is doing fine now.  You never know, I would get him checked soon.Peter Waite, Founder/Editor
Thanks Peter,  Mom did take him to doc's first day she knew about it . . . they did say that it might be cancer . . . we are waiting for urologist appt. and tests.   Thanks for your post. . . I'm glad this something that might have a fix.
Or,a Bad Kidney infection.
Dad had his urologist appointment today.  Doc said that they couldn't see anything on the urltrasound and that the bleeding may be from some irritation at the site of prostate surgery many years ago.  They will be doing another test mid-May which is some type of cystascope with dy.  Meanwhile, they are having him p in a cup and testing that each week.  Thanks for your help.
about

Read &amp; see what your medications are for,as many Drs.are using meds "Off Label",meaning not intended for the the use for diseases they are being used for.
My mother has been taking 20mg Namenda for the past 6 years. She takes 10mg in the morning and 10mg before bed. I can't really say it's helping but when I tried to wean her off of it once she just got worse so I had to continue.  Yesterday I decided to give the evening dose in the afternoon to have one less pill for her take in the evening.  Has anyone experienced this?  I thought 20mg in a day can be however you want to take it but it looks like they are too close together and may be an overload for her.  But then again I can't explain why she was so with it later on.
Hello Chronie's . . . I'm from Lupus and Alzheimers and haven't seen my friend Lyn for quite a few days.  Her last post was on 5/9 and it's not like her to be MIA like this.   I sure hope she and her hubby are getting a few days away together . . . but I think I would have heard from her if she was planning to go away.
Thanks SC!
AR and scardey cat..............You guys are the best I am truly sorry for all the worry I put you thru ....was MIA in my bed feeling sorry for self and broken ..........had a sore under my eye that had to be lanced and stiched and theres so much family crap going on I just buried self under blankets but I am back with a vengence.........Have missed you all so much and again I am sorry for all your worry .............Be back after the docs ok .............take care now my friends and God Bless.......Lyn&nbsp;
Phewwww!
My brother has been dealing with the realtor and things are going OK the government is slow but whats new lol......finger is great but the eye really scared me.........I am a sun worshipper but that is a big no no for me as well ....doc reinforced that today because of the methotrexate I have to take for the immune system. the eye sore was about the worst scare I have had with the sores and I wasnt mucking about with my eyesight thats for sure ....I have some pics but very gory I will be asking Peter before I put them on here this time ......really dont want to scare peeps......you take care and God Bless..........Lyn&nbsp;
Oh Lyn,
Hey Lyn,
Hey sis not doing too bad went to Howies Moms yesterday and had a great visit......made a big supper here and took it down there ........we all had a good time ......hope you are well .....give the family my huggs and luv for me .....be well ........God Bless and thinking of you too ......Lyn ........sis&nbsp;
Nice to hear good news Lyn!!!
.......Hey all these last days have been absolute he** for me and my family ........I have not had energy to get up comb my hair......... notta......I feel real bad as I have not been around but how am I able to help others when I cannot help myself?Finally went back to the Docs yesterday and they had lanced and stiched the sore under my eye(after getting all the crap out of it)........What an adventure of self pity pain,suffering and down right grumpiness........Am not usually&nbsp;the one to let myself get this down but my body felt like it had broken and so went some of my spirit..........Between the sores ,a flare and all the other outside family crap I just gave in to it all and didnt get out of bed .......barely ate and just slept.........Late last night I gave myself a kick in the a** and told self to get up deal with it and move on and so here I am ...lol.......My poor hubby and cait have been walking on eggshells over this period of time and who the he** am I to do that to them I never thought I was selfish in that way and I hope they forgive me .............Missed you all terribly and glad to be back see there is all kinds of newbies as well WELCOME to HW ..........Hope all is well and everyone is doing their best to live day to day with this DD ..............Have to go to the docs soon but just wanted to check in and say hello and get a few well deserved kicks in the butt from my HW family ......I deserve it .............Take care and God Bless.........Lyn&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No kick in the butt from me!!!
hey there sis Doc says I am back to almost me lol..........sores are looking good and I am sure feeling a lot better .....went and saw my Mom and she has been so worried and confused but over the last while me being out of the pic has made my siblings HAVE to come to terms on how Mom is and they got a wee taste of what I do for her and with her every day ..........sure it was an eyeopener........but also a much needed dose of MY reality .........Hope your Dad is well ,say hello to your family ......always in my thoughts ...take care and God Bless.....Lyn&nbsp;
Mwwwwwaaah ahhh ahhh!!!
Hello,
I have never heard of the condition . .  .but I'm not health care professional either.   I have a derm site that I go to for things. . . I'll check it out and if it has any info, I'll share the link.
Hi and Welcome to the HW forum ..........I too have not heard of this before and I was a geriatric nurse for many years........as AR posted there are sites for dermy Q's and you can do a google search to see if you can find out anything ........sorry couldnt be more help,and I hope you get some answers .....I too will check a few sites I go to for my skin problems and see what it says............meanwhile keep us posted and let us know if you have any luck at all .....Take Care and God BLess......Lyn&nbsp;
Well . . . I was unsuccessful in finding the picture . . . but there may be more information at this site.

Hello Sounder and welcome to the Alzheimer's forum at Healing Well.
I did some lit search:
I  put the name in my browser & found a site with picturs.I had a rashy type mess on my face lately,Dr thinks it was Impetago, but i didn't have the blisters.It caused my face to swell up,lips any foods I ate burned like fire,inside & out.Dr ordered Bactroban cream & it helped but still have a few hard crusted areas on my chin.Itch??OMG yes but I would just press kleenex agaisnt it & it did help.

 &nbsp;
LKE,WHEW!Take a deep breath, girl!I read here often and post every now and then....I know a little of&nbsp; your situations, and also how often you help others with advice!Sounds like you're nearing overload, but we can't let it get us&nbsp;us down!I have a bipolar son,my boyfriend's mom has Dementia(so I know a lot of what you face with that.) And I have a mom 750 miles away from me that&nbsp; I have daily guilt over because I can't be there to help her like I should.... Iwant to scream about oh, every 10 seconds or so!!haha...take care....pray.....it helps greatly.Jo
Oh Lynn, I'm soooo sorry about
HI  AR...........Mom is doing much better now but the family just ignored me ........thought of taking out a page in the newspaper and put it in print lol that would get their attention ..............you are a busy woman ....as bad as me lol .........Your Mom so deserves better ,I am always thinking I wish I could have family like yours that do help but as I read this sounds like they are slipping a bit too .............Ya know Mom isnt gonna be around forever ans so I take solace in the fact that I am making memories with her even through this DD ,those memories that they wont have .......like her putting her tiny hand out to a small child when I take her for a walk ....although its small and wrinkled with age her hands are so full of love and they are missing out ..............Our Cait is now going over after school and taking Nana out in her w/c for a walk and she tells me she is amazed at how funny Nana can be .lol........Mom has a weird but good sense of humor .......yes even if they sent a card or phoned it would make a difference to Mom and me .....none of them have chronic illness and they are just too busy to stop and share a few moments with her before the time runs out ........ah well some of us are put here for a reason I guess right and I will know that I have not let her down and thats the important thing ....take care sis and God Bless ....Lyn&nbsp;
Hey Lyn,
I've been stepped on my horses,dropped cans on my feet,YES,I have broken bones in both feet,but they healed you yrs.ago,arthritis is in there too.
Effie ........maybe we can connect another time I was yaking to all in chat as we had some problems in there awhile back and was hoping it would not be again.............well I think personally it went very well with alot of peeps and we had a common goal and that was to help aunt kay ..........thats what this forum and chat is supposed to be about&nbsp;
I go into the chats,which ever room has the most(LOL) that's where I go.
.....AR ....Why are you up so late lol get some rest will ya .....take care and God Bless ...Lyn&nbsp;
Hey Lyn,
Rosie, have u ever taken methotrexate b4?  I started it last August for the Psoriatric Arthritis along with the genetic disorder they have found that I have.  According to the way our health care system works in Ontario, I had to try methotrexate first and then add arava, before I would qualify to take &quot;Humira&quot; or &quot;Enbril&quot;, not sure of spelling of the second one.  When I started on the methotrexate I was given one tab for the first week then two then three then up to five, then i stopped at six tabs for a few months.  next i was given arava and one more tab of methotrexate.  I had to quit the arava due to side effects.  When on the methotrexate I have to go for monthly liver enzyeme tests.  A lot of people get sick from the methotrexate.  kay gets really sick from it.  I find for me, it just makes me very tired.  I will sleep for a couple of days straight.  Do you have any young children?  What did the doctor give it to you for?Well..........that is it.  I just hope you have better luck with it then me.  I start humira on wednesday and am very nervous.  judy
Hey sis ........I am on methotrexate ,I take 6 every Monday and for me they totally make me exhausted and nauseous but the benefits much much outweigh the side effects at least for me ........They are used for my immune system as well and keeps those sores kinda at bay as long as I dont have alot of extra stress happening.......You will no doubt feel tired but as I said they do work if you can handle the tiredness.......dont know why your doc would think they would help with the problems of your not having energy lol.......at least everyone I know thats on them  gets tired and some to sick to handle it as it is kinda like a oral chemo med.....I wish you the beat with it and I hope you can work with it as it does help....Take care sis ............God Bless ,,,,,,,Lyn&nbsp;
Dear Rosie, and Lyn,judy
Hmmmm. . . Thanks Lyn, I have my nexst appointment in 6 weeks.  I'll make sure we stay on top of the liver function.  I think the synthroid is for the fatigue and the meth is for the connective tissue pain and plantar faciitis. 
Dear Lyn and Rosie,judy
Hello Lyn!!
Hey sis .........Its getting there lol........lots of fun ,and she thinks its funny ......ah well at least she is laughing.......hows your Dad and Mom doing hun?.....think about&nbsp;
Effie .....we will have our cuppa together .......just not sure when but will be this summer for sure ..........thanks for all the info ........AR is rght about&nbsp;
Thanks Lyn,Take care, you and Rosie are always in my prayers.  Wishing the best for you and Rosie and bothl of your families. Hope you are doing okay on the methotrexate.  judy/effie
Thanks Lyn!!!     Thanks Judy!!!
thats so cute isnt it .......I swear my Dad is coming down with some serious symptoms of this DD and it is really hard to see him the way he has been this last month ..am gonna have him checked out ........yeterday he showed me things he had gotten at the yard sales at least 10 times while I was there and is calling me Sandi (younger sister) and there are other things as well .......God I am praying it isnt that but I sure dont like the odds ...........take care and be well ......God Bless .....Lyn&nbsp;
Ohhhhhhh Noooo!!!!   AHHHHHHHHH!!
Sis .......Thanks as always ..........made Dad an appointment so I will hopefully find out .........there is just too many things he is and isnt doing that makes me scared he has this DD as well ..........take care and God Bless.........Lyn&nbsp;
You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers sis
My 90 year old mom is in mid stages of AD very high functioning and able to look after herself. In appearance, energy she looks 60 ! When she gets up in the morning and after her afternoon nap, she is very confused as to where she is and cries bitterly that she&quot; doesn't want to live like this&quot;. It last anywhere from 30-60 minutes. Any thoughts, shared experiences or suggestions? Thanks!

My Drs.think all the beatings I endured in the head from a former spouse was the cause of my being diagnosed with AD at age 56.No one in my family had AD as we know of.i'm 65 now,still doing great.AD meds.do work............
My mom has dementia. When we watch television with her she is always saying she has seen the show we are watching before. This is generally impossible because it is a first run show the first night it airs. If we explain this she gets very agitated. Does anyone else think they remember things that are impossible to be remembered?
I just wanted to post an update on my father in law. So far things have changed but not for the best. My father in law is more confused than he used to be. The other day he went out to change the oil in his truck which he has been&nbsp; doing for 10 years. He got under his truck and had no idea where he was at, he commented how he was lost and didn't understand what was going on. My husband had to get under the truck and show him where the oil filter was located. The moodieness is still on going as well as basically doing nothing around the house. He used to help with the ice trays and little things like that and now that we help with it he doesn't do it at all. I have noticed he does this with other things as well. I am not sure if this is the dementia or just him feeling like since we are here we can do it. He still is capable of doing things for himself and little things around the house and I would like to see him continue but my husband enables him. I feel like I am constantly picking up after people and it's getting tireing. I just really need to know if his behavior of not doing things to help out is a normal part of this illness or something else. I am still trying to educate myself about dementia but still need all the advice I can get!
Hi, everyone:&nbsp; It has been a while since I was on this site.&nbsp; It was great to be able to have the help and advice of others that had a loved one with alzheimer's.
It is a hard disease.Thanks for listening.
Forget Me Not ............I am so sorry for your loss ,it is not an easy thing to live with ......you should be so proud of yourself for giving your Mom her last years with you at home and not in an institution ..........I am a retired RN and had a retirement home yet I would not put my Mom in one and still look after her .........I would not trade it for the world and I am sure you have a whole lot of great memories of her ........When and if you want to share them we will be here .............I always praise those that have the courage (yes it takes courage ),and the love and committment to their Mom or Dad to look after them as they looked after us and didnt put us in homes .......dont get me wrong for some they have no option but I really am one for keeping our loved ones at home with us ...........cry for and with your Mom if you feel you need to and remember that you gave her those last wonderful years with you ............she has a &quot;special daughter &quot; and a strong one and as you cry remember hun that she is in a gentler place with no pain looking down on you with pride .........Take care and God Bless ......Lyn&nbsp;
Sorry for your loss.............
Dear Forget-me-not,

Well . . .I went out and watered my Forget-me-nots this evening . . . and I thought about
Dear Forget-me-not,Belkar
HiYour mail did really catch my attention. It reminded me of my uncle who passed away in similar circumstances. Only you can understand the pain you are going through. I pray for your mothers well being.
Today was just such a wonderful day, I just had to share! what I've posted or just have questions? Please email me!!! Click on the blue envelope under my screen name
Hello everyone, I wonder if you can help me figure somthing out.
Sue ...........this sure sounds like it has that possibility BUT I would have the doc do some more tests and then you would know if it is from abuse or actually alzheimers ............was her hubby ever physically abusive to her causing her to hit her head alot ?I ther living in that environment is not good for her at all but what are you suppossed to do .......does her daughter live with her ? Snowy will prob be better at advice for you on this one but I would think she needs more tests and I will keep you in my thoughts and prayers ............God Bless ..........Lyn&nbsp;
Thank Lyn.
It's me again sorry.
Sue ....it is a fact as far as I know that the hits on the head will or may contribute to this..........I am so sorry she or any woman or man for that matter has to live like this it really is so sad isnt it ...........glad you will look into it for her ......and in my opinion if he hits one whats one more right ....I pray thats not the case ....yes please keep me posted and you take care as wel ....God Bless ......Lyn&nbsp;
Do the social workers know he doesn't take her to Dr.appoitments,& talk to the Dr?The Dr.can back this up.
Good Morning everyone!
The diarhea could be unrelated to his Alzheimer's; it could be ulcerative colitis or any other gastrointestinal or digestive disease.  A decrease in digestive enzymes goes along with aging.  Why don't you try looking in those directions.  If your doctors don't want to address it, get a new digestive track doctor.  Something is very wrong.
I would suggest that you look into probiotics for him. Chances are with that kind of issue with diarrhea his good bacteria in his intestines is out of balance.  what I've posted or just have questions? Please email me!!! Click on the blue envelope under my screen name
Just thought I'd share this, it fits right in here hope I gave you a chuckle&quot;The Walking Medical Mystery&quot;/~Medical Caregiver and Doctors Worse Nightmare~/ And Doctor's Worse Nightmare DX: Lactose Intolerance, Gluten Sensitive, ADD, Fibromyalgia, Carpel Tunnel, Arthritis, Clasterphobia, Anxiety, Diabetes Type II, Grave's Disease, Tachycardia, GERD, PCOS, Migraines, UARS, Anterior Scleritis, Orbital Tumor
Just to introduce myself, I'm a student studying at University College Dublin and as part of my final year I am doing a project on memory aging and Alzheimer's disease.  The aim of the project is to find out what people know about
My name is Sarah.  I recently graduated from CSU Fullerton with my master's degree in gerontology.  Through my studies I was very interested in dementia among older adults and how family members, including adolescent children, are affected by the disease.  Alzheimer's disease can be very devestating, due to the various declines from stages.  

Watching the people we love suffer from AD can be very hard. Your mother was lucky to have you, not all AD sufferers have that support and love. I'm sorry about*, IBS, Diverticuliar Disease, Fibro, Sacroiilitis, Raynauds, OA, PA, Rosacea, Psoriasis, Dry Eye and allergies controlled by Zyrtec and Singular
Hi All, what I've posted or just have questions? Please email me!!! Click on the blue envelope under my screen name
Thank you Carol. I really appreciate your kind words. I only hope that Hospice provides much more help than any one else here has. This man deserves some decent care. My husband and I are doing everything we can to provide for him, but it's worse than pulling toe nails trying to get help here in this area. It sure tells me what I'll be doing when we get through our own ordeal - volunteering my time on forums and on the phone to help others going through this. Had we know half of what we know now, we would have been able to get much more help not only for &quot;Dad&quot;, but for us as well. what I've posted or just have questions? Please email me!!! Click on the blue envelope under my screen name
Thank you so much for the encouragement, Carol. Things like that can and do mean the world to me - I'm sure you can relate, having gone through this yourself. what I've posted or just have questions? Please email me!!! Click on the blue envelope under my screen name
I started my mom on crushed multivitamin containing B vitamins in the 200 - 400% DV level and I don't know if it's wishful thinking but she seems to be more alert an Oxford study done a few years back that said it works for people with dementia but only after I already started her on this regimen.  Am I on the right track?
My 98-year-old father was diagnosed with Alzheimer's 8 years ago.  For the past four years I've been his 24/7 caregiver, and I've discovered that his frequent, frightening lapses into delusion/anxiety/aggression can be controlled with diet.  First of all, lots of water and juices (low-sugar apple, cranberry, and cherry).  Also lots of fresh vegetables, alone or in soups: tomatoes, broccoli, cabbage, kale, collards, okra, eggplant, celery, mustard greens, turnip greens.  Fresh fruit at every meal (bananas, apples, strawberries, blueberries, pears).  Tons of plain yogurt.  Olive oil.  For protein: eggs, skim milk, chicken, fish -- but in small amounts throughout the day rather than a big meaty dinner at night.  No cheese.  No peanut butter. No red meat. No cookies, cake, candy.  Bread and pasta only occasionally.  As it turns out, I now realize this is a low-fat, sugar-free, gluten-free diet.  But the reason it works for Dad (I believe) is that it prevents constipation, UTI, and dehydration, all of which are known as common causes of mental confusion in the elderly.  Three medicines also help: Flomax, Senna, and Cerefolin.  The success of this diet tends to bolster my theory that Alzheimers is not the right diagnosis for him.  Since the beginning of the full, perfected diet 6 months ago, he has had consistently clear thinking without confusion (although his memory is still terrible).
I thought this was interesting. I am a member of the UC forum and wanted to post this&nbsp;here.
Is it possible for a person to realize that they are not taking care of bill paying, or not taking care of personal hygiene. Is it possible to know about what lies ahead in this situation. Will I suddenly not know LOTS of things? My husband is not a caretaker at all. However I should add that for over a year he has taken care of all grocery buying. I dont leave my house except to doctor, and he is always with me. I am confused right this minute. I dont know why I would even share this, except I want to know is it common for a person to know these things and diagnose themselves????
thanks for responding Lonie. I agree with what you say. I see a new RA next week and am having nerve block in my back friday by my neuro. doctor. I appreciate your responding.....CathyI am 61 years young. I have neuropathy in both feet and hands. I have spinal stenosis and arthritis in my back. I am bipolar and with panic attacks. I cannot walk. I choose to stay home all the time. I love living in the country. Its very peaceful.

I'm sorry for your poor grandmother, and the family. I know how hard this is for you.What your grandmother went through would be traumatic for any of us, but to her, because of age and the disease, it's even more so, and she'll react to it. If she's still in her own home, even with the 24 hour care, I believe she'll be her old self before too long.  Best wishes for her, and you.
Background concerning our mother:&nbsp; She is 80, was diagnosed in 2010 with alzheimers and, after a few changes,&nbsp;is currently on aricept 10mg daily.&nbsp; She is physically healthy except for severe osteoarthritis with both knees well past the need for replacement and rheumatoid arthritis.&nbsp; She has ALWAYS been an independent, head-strong,&nbsp; never wrong personalilty.&nbsp; She, long prior to mental changes, has never&nbsp;recognized the need for nor agreed to designating a POA or living will.&nbsp; To relinquish such control isn't our mother.&nbsp; She has also, throughout our lives, let us know that she WILL NEVER go to a nursing home; it is a fear for her.&nbsp; She loves her "things" and her home is very important to her.&nbsp; Although her short term memory is poor, she has&nbsp;lived at home alone and writes her checks and does quite well with her personal tasks.&nbsp; Two of us alternated giving her medications each day and preparing evening meals; although we&nbsp; (3 daughters) have been on pins and needles knowing that she was a high&nbsp;risk for falls and that it was just a matter of time before something would happen.&nbsp; A little over 3 weeks ago it happened, she fell suddenly in her home just a few steps behind&nbsp;me (I was carrying groceries in).&nbsp; Trip via ambulance to ER, total hip replacement the next day, stayed with her around the clock d/t confusion and aggressiveness (we expected), transferred to rehab hospital for about 2 weeks with little PT education retained&nbsp;d/t poor short term memory.&nbsp;&nbsp;She needs 24/7 observation&nbsp;primarily because she will do as she wants, let go of walker etc, in her mind she is fine and doesn't need help.&nbsp; Often forgetting when and what even happened.&nbsp;&nbsp;I brought&nbsp; mother home with me and hoped that she would eventually accept living in my home; again, she is very high risk for falling plus she is still healing and under hip precautions.&nbsp;&nbsp;However, she has been relentless in demanding "I want to go home, I need to go home I have things to do, you can't stop me I'll show you,&nbsp;I don't need any help" along&nbsp;with periods of crying, anger, letting go of walker etc.&nbsp;&nbsp;I feel like I'm keeping her prisoner in my home.&nbsp; Because of her short term memory,&nbsp;we put her off each day by telling her she will be seeing her physician "tomorrow" and that she has to have someone with her 24/7&nbsp; for now and that she has been with me only a day.&nbsp; This doesn't stop her actions but, eventually,&nbsp;by end of evening she starts settling down some.&nbsp;&nbsp;What do we do.&nbsp;&nbsp;She is far from forgetting her home; and when she says she wants to go home&nbsp; she means her physical home not her childhood.&nbsp; There are only the 3 of us; one works nightshift and babysits grandchildren on off nights, other is on disability herself, and me.&nbsp; We don't want nursing home plus the way mother is they would be calling us all the time to stay with her for safety or would just medicate her to a zombie.&nbsp; Please, any advice is appreciated.&nbsp; I'm wearing out fast.
My mom is bipolar and also has early onset dementia. She is still pretty functional. Right now her medicine is messed up. She is hearing things. She thinks everyone is whispering behind her back. She makes up whole conversations. I am having her psychiatrist change her meds but it is complicated by all her allergies and other health conditions. Lialda, Canasa, Hyoscyamine sulfa, digestive ad lactose defense, lyrica, Lomotil , klor-con20, VSL 3DS, Rainbow light, bit D Pred 10 mg, started Humira 12/31
He was completely ambulatory and living on his own just 9 weeks ago. His rate of decline has surprised even the Hospice nurses that were so very wonderful to all of us. He passed at 3:30 this afternoon. what I've posted or just have questions? Please email me!!! Click on the blue envelope under my screen name
My Dad currently takes Exelon patch, Seroquel and Carbidopa/Levodopa for his Alzheimer's Disease. He has cycles in which he barely sleeps during the night, and is instead up wandering the house, tearing his bedclothes apart, going through drawers, Anna
Rather than an actual sleeping pill, our doc put my FIL on Xanax to help him sleep and it worked pretty well up til the last 3 weeks of his life. what I've posted or just have questions? Please email me!!! Click on the blue envelope under my screen name
I'm not sure where to begin.  This is my first post to this forum.  We are regulars on the Hep C forum.  My husband is a liver transplant patient February 3, 2011, had a triple bypass in November 2012 and over the years I have experienced him at his worse due to medication sensitivities.  My husband is 65.Pam
My mom is an early onset dementia patient. I have posted something similar to this before but I cannot for the life of me find the post to bring the topic back up. I want to know if anyone else's person they care for remembers things that cannot possibly have happened. My mom will watch a TV show that is airing for the first time and say she has seen it. Is this a common symptom?Lialda, Canasa, Hyoscyamine sulfa, digestive ad lactose defense, lyrica, Lomotil , klor-con20, VSL 3DS, Rainbow light, bit D Pred 10 mg, started Humira 12/31
hi, I am currently a third year student at hertfordshire university studying product design. My project is based on Alzheimer's patients and helping to improve communication between the carers and the partners who are suffering from Alzheimer's. I would really appreciate and criticism or feedback you may have about
Good morning my name is Reuben Giovanni a Senior at Auburn University. I am currently working on an aide for Alzheimer's for a senior project and need expert opinions and opinions in general. Do keepsake boxes work in helping to serve as reminders??
Hello everyone 
Expect the unexpected. Life is not meant to be easy. We all have our challenges. It's how we respond to them that really matters.
Hi everyone. I care for my Dad and I have been looking and trying to figure out some sort of day and night visual clock as dad gets up at 7pm thinking it is 7am (especially during daylight savings time) and has his shower and takes his morning meds etc at 7pm! I am aware of a digital photo frame which displays 'Monday morning' or 'Monday evening' etc but this would not work for my dad as firstly he needs glasses and would not think to put glasses on to read the clock through the night. Also he is starting to have difficult recognising words - I recently noticed he gets a bit scrambled up when he is writing down any grocery items. Has anyone else seen or used any other suitable products? Thanks.
That is pretty nifty! Thanks for sharing Carol! :)*, IBS, Diverticuliar Disease, Fibro, Sacroiilitis, Raynauds, OA, PA, Rosacea, Psoriasis, Dry Eye and allergies controlled by Zyrtec and Singular
we have two clocks at our site www.clocksforalzheimers.comjohn
I really want somebody to tell me that I have nothing wrong with me. That's too much to ask for...I know. I'm somewhere between scared, sad & I can tell.   I know I need to talk to my doctor.  I have had things leading up to now that I didn't think meant much of anything. .they do now.  When a word is spelled to me, I can't write it correctly.  I have them repeat it 2 or 3 times...I still can't put the letters on paper as they were spelled.  Sometimes I sit with my purse on my lap & I don't know where to put it. When I wake up at my usual 2 am, I'm up.  I try so hard to remember who's home or am I alone.  I know my pin# at the ATM. I just get out of line until I'm aline because I don't know where to insert my card. The list goes on. No new meds. Diabetic using insulin that takes every last brain cell I have to take the right dose...dangerous. ..I know. I do have a method for that so I'm ok. I'm 52. Two of my aunts passes away having had Alzheimer's.  I stay home because I don't feel right. Does anybody feel like this besides me?  Are these 'early' signs?  This is what Alzheimer's is like...isn't it! I am scared and sad. Please post anything for me. Ty :( -Mary
 Hi i am new to this group and i am taking  care of my 90 year  mother in law. She has advanced stages of  Alzheimer. Lately she has gotten to where she will not eat and it is a huge struggle to get her to eat enough to take her medication. She  also has been holding her throat alot. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated. I just  don't  know what  else to do for her. She has been to the doctor and  i keep getting told there is nothing physically wrong with her.
Dear all,
Hi everyone, I know many of you are dealing with heavy issues and want to thank you for taking time to read mine.One issue I'm having is that this early Alzheimer's is genetic.  She has it, her father had it, and his mother had it.  My and my 3 boys are the only ones at the end of that line.  I've gotten no answers because my grandmother being so upset over her daughter refuses to discuss with me or the doctor my chances.  I know that this seems selfish but from what I've learned its very rare, but high chances if a parent has the genen which we have seen in the last 3 generation,  at least 1 kid got it.  In that straight line of got it I'm the last one before my kids.  If I have one of my kids most likely will too.  Its so scary because I've been watching this for years, and know it can start between 30 and 55.  I am 32, and my youngest boy is 2.  I'm afraid.
My mom has been in a memory care facility for 10 months.  In that period of time, mom has fallen at least 10 times.  Most recently, mom fell 5 times in a 10 day period.  Now the facility has met with me and asked me to find a new place for mom, something like a residential care home, so she's in a smaller setting.Can they legally &quot;make&quot; her leave?  I was under the impressions that mom would be able to live out the rest of her life in this facility.  I don't feel they are living up to the care they said she'd get.  I really don't look forward to moving her, as this will cause much turmoil in her life, and she wouldn't understand why or where she was.
Your main concern shouldn't be whether they can legally move her.&nbsp; You should be happy that they suggested this so she will get better care elsewhere.&nbsp; Yes she will probably get scared at the beginning of a new place but at least she will still be one piece.&nbsp; Of course that's if&nbsp; you get her to a better place than the one she's at now.&nbsp; 
Happy Mothers Day to all our members and family.  DX: reverse Trigeminal Neuralgia;Cluster headaches; Atypical face pain; raynauds;complex PTSD; recurring MDD,disassociative disorder;
The cardinal rule in my view is take all your loved one's valuebles ie jewelery, collectables, cash, checkbooks, EVERYTHING and put them in another address where caregivers don't have ANY access.
Hi there,Looking forward to hearing from you,
Hi everyone!&nbsp; I have just recently been diagnosed with RA.&nbsp; I thought I had a deadly disease for a while.&nbsp; 
..Ms Howe.......Welcome to Healing Well..........there is an arthritis forum where you are going to find alot of great peeps to help you out and answer any questions and concerns you may have ...........I take methotrexate for other disease and I find that the side effects are over rated ........at least for me ........Yes i get tired out from it and my vision does get blurry but I know that for me it has been a miracle drug and has lessened my problems alot .............There are so many that do not understnd Chronic illness and it is hard to live with it ........your hubby is welcome to check out the arthritis forum as well to get an idea of what others go thru on a daily basis ........I wish you all the best and you take care and God Bless .......Lyn&nbsp;
Dear Ms. Howe,judy/effie
Well - how do I begin?&nbsp; My husband is 65 - has various serious health issues (Diabetes, Hep C, liver cancer, liver transplant, rare lung fungus-mucormycosis,&nbsp;heart attack, triple bypass surgery, high blood pressure/low blood pressure, fainting spells, now fatigue) - recently diagnosed with early dementia (whatever that means).&nbsp; He's fine during the day - for several months he has what I have 'decided' is Sundowners.&nbsp; He has 21 doctors and it seems since this newest problem has reared it's ugly head - none of them want to address it.&nbsp; I've searched online and can't find anything about people doing fine during the day - and experiencing Sundowners late afternoon/night. He is weaker and weaker by the day, sleeps more and more - yet, none of the doctors can find anything wrong (and believe me - he's at the doctor ALL THE TIME).&nbsp; I sure could use some ideas.
heloo every1
....Schizo.....Hi and Welcome .....there is an anxiety and Panic forum and I would suggesst that you post there as we are a very great group of peeps that will help you out in anyway we can .......the things you are talking about&nbsp;
Welcome Schizo!!!
Hello everyone,
Mindfulness is a set of skills for healing, intuition, insight, calmness, focus, resilience and hope that you can develop to counter the stresses that chronic illness brings.  You can literally &quot;train your mind to promote healing&quot;.
....Hey all just a quick update ,I am with an IV again and spent from early last evening till just shortly at hospital ........Have been ordered bedrest for at least 24 hrs so I am going to obey as I dont want to as be badly broken out as I was before with the pg......I would like to Welcome all the new members to HW and let you know this is a great place for care ,support and honest empathy.......the peeps on here are willing to help out anytime and answer your Questions (if possible) as well as give you the support you may need ....again welcome and I will be thinking of you all .......my body is tired and so am I lol .............be back&nbsp;tomorrow ...take care and be well ....God Bless ........Lyn&nbsp;
Oh . . . God bless you Lyn.   I'm glad you are taking care of yourself.   You should stretch that bedrest out too.  When you start doing the next day, remember do a little and then rest!!  You do too much.
Oh Lyn, my dear dear friend, I am so sorry to hear that you are not well.  I can not imagine how you do all that you do.  You are so busy and dedicated to everything you do.  You give everything 100%.  Now someone up above is telling u that u need to give 100% to taking care of Lyn.  Please, please do.  
Always Rosie,thanks for all your kind words and concern ,she is still in bed (or just gone back ) she posted on Mod forum ,is still in pain and very tired but hopes to be back with all by tomorrow.............................Judy and us have plans to hook up in toronto and it will be great to put a face to the name lol,have lunch and visit ......take care and hope you are well ...........Howie ,Lyn and Cait
Dear HW friends,  I just called Lyn and she was on her way back to the hospital.  Let's start a prayer.  If we all pray hard, I trust the Lord will restore her health soon.  She works so hard and is so very sweet and truly dedicated to everyone here at HW.judy
Just a quick update ,Lyn is still in hospital and they are keeping her till sores clear up more,it is worse with each new breakout.She almost signed self out as Cait won the Ontario Principals Award for Acheivement and she wanted to be there to see her get it (I had been told the day before from the principal Cait was receivng it lol) and it really took a toll on her not to be there for Cait .Sorry I havent kept yous posted as often as I should but between work and going to hospital and trying to fill Lyns shoes around here(she only takes a size 6 and I still dont know how she does it),,  it has been hard to do ,she asks about yous all eveytime I see her and hopes you are all well ...thanks for your love care support and prayers,Howie and Cait
Howie, I usually moderate in the cardio and allergy forums, but I want to thank you for updating us on Lyn!!  We've all been wondering and worrying about
I will keep Lynn in my prayer tonite--&quot;CHAPLET OF DIVINE MERCY&quot;......She will be well.....Get well Lynn..Blessings---Wotan (Robert)
Dear Lyn and family,judy
....Hey sis just got home,well yesterday and supposed to be on strict bedrest (ya right  lol) but am making sure I do alot of resting still have some NASTY sores but feeling a bit better ...........Howie arranged with landlord to move to bottom apartment  so I would not have the stairs to contend with ........God Bless Him .......but it is to be done (the moving by the 15th lol )......it wont be too bad as we just have to take out the big funiture as is and then box and unload lol WHY ME..It will be so much better though and I will be able to see MOms front yard from that apartment as well so I guess its ok ........came home to house spotless and flowers from the 2 of them and all the wonderful prayers and well wishes from peeps on here as well as from my closest ones ......I just was too darn stubborn and I knew I was going down but I didnt realize how hard I was gonna hit ya know what I mean.........wont do that again ............or in the words of the infamous DR Phil  &quot;How is that working for ya &quot;.......NOT lol........will keep in touch hun and thanks for always being there for me you are a &quot;special Lady &quot;........luv ya sis ............God Bless .......LYN&nbsp;
Lyn, it's great to see you back and sounding like you're ready to rock 'n roll!!  
Lyn,Judy
Lyn,

Lyn?????  I hope you are ok sis.    I hope the move went well too.  
My mother was diagnosed with Primary Progressive Aphasia about
if failed onceor is it only valid for 1 time?
Hi everyone,  A new member of HW, and a 2 decade trained HIV Health Advocate - I hoped to share this website with newly diagnosed HIV+ clients, but I noticed NO articles in the list about addressing the two most infected social groups. Thanks for addressing unintended racism and homophobia in your coverage!! Thanks!
Hi everyone,
Hello .........
I found this and thought I would share.
Hi I want to wish everyone a Happy Forth of July. Stay safe!FORUM MODERATOR: RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS
Hello ...
&nbsp;&nbsp; I was over there Sunday, but I brought my dog with to see her. The dog was a little overwhelmed with all of the strangers there and started to howl - so all three of us went outside for our visit. It was a beauty of a day - about 76 degrees with a light wind and sunny - blue skies!!!
Another update .....
Hello Lonie ...........
I am glad it was a nice day! How are you feeling hon? Are you in remission yet? I just went from pills to injections on my chemo. It is best for your mother to attend as many activities she is able - as it will help her not to lose those functions. The injections are working out better for me, as I am not sick as often. Remember you are not alone, and you can talk to me anytime hon. Hugsss&quot;The Walking Medical Mystery&quot;/~Medical Caregiver and Doctors Worse Nightmare~/ DX: Lactose Intolerance, Gluten Sensitive, ADD, Fibromyalgia, Carpel Tunnel, Arthritis, Clasterphobia, Anxiety, Diabetes Type II, Grave's Disease, Tachycardia, GERD, PCOS, Migraines, UARS, Anterior Scleritis, Orbital Tumor, Bursitus
Some good news .........
Went to see Mom today .......
Tough situation. Listen to your heart.
Hey -- just checking in to see how you are doing!
I'm new here, but not to HW. I'm guessing this has been posted hundreds of times over.
Hi 73Monte, welcome to the Alzheimers site! I too post on another forum, but since my&nbsp;Mom has Dementia, I also frequent this site. I'm not sure how long your Mom has been in the facility. Is it a nursing home or a memory care? Does she have her own room? 
Hello 73monte ...
73Monte--that's a great idea! Do a comparative and see if there is a place that might suit her and you better. Sounds like you are the one that might make the best decision. Show up unexpectly to see how things are running. I can tell you that my sister's and brother are visiting with my Mom all the time and the staff knows it! I've hear people leaving them for six weeks to get acclamated, but I'm not sure we could have done that either. 
To 73monte ...
To 73monte ...
I talk to my mom every evening and every evening she tells me &quot;it's been a long, nothing day.&quot; First rule, do NOT believe what a person with dementia is telling you. Where my mom lives, they have activities all day long and early evening. My mom's days may be long and nothing but it is because she refuses to participate. Residents canNOT be forced to do anything, they have rights. Same with showers. As disgusting as this may sound, my mom has not had a shower now for FIVE WEEKS. Thankfully, they are able to get her to wash up at the sink in the morning, they call it PTA (Pits, t**s, and a**)...I was horrified at first but now I realize there is only so much one can do. I truly believe my mom's refusal of medications and showers is her fight to have some control of her life. Those are the only two things left she can control. She was always very independent, VERY stubborn. By the way, the place where she is living, it is skilled nursing care, rated 5 star, highest rating and considered once of the best in this area. The head nurse has worked on her floor for 23 years and tells me all the time how much she loves her job. For the life of me, I have no idea how she can handle it. I get off the elevator, look around and immediately get depressed
Have you looked into residential care homes? Sometimes those are more "homey" and have a less institutional setting because they are an actual home. They are equipped for elderly needs and have about 6-10 people at the most per home. She might be more comfortable in a smaller place like that.
Yes, that's about having a support forum. In regard to the inhouse caregiving -- I think it's a roll of the dice. My parents had some fabulous women come in, and then the next day, someone else that I had to keep my eye on. It's a tough thing. Is the govt program the one that hires the staff, or do you have a say? 
To 73monte ...
73monte,   Perhaps I missed the post,  but I don't seem to see anyone suggesting that either family members live with her or that she live with family members.   The way its done in  most of the world.Just my perspective.   I feel for these old people with Alzheimers.  Families can often do more than they think though it often involves sacrifice and inconvenience to one's previous routines.

No one will fault you for trying your best.  My sister does not work and her kids are grown and are working.  She spends her time doing missionary work and vacationing on the side with her husband who works long hours. Charities begin from home.  I don't think she quite understand that concept yet. There are 2 kinds of people.  Those who wants but can't and those who can but don't want to.  You, lovely woman is the 1st kind.
First post, have been pulling my hair out trying to wrap my head around this, and finally decided to find an active forum. as grim as you can possibly get today (suggest hospice), but my grandmother is talking, knows exactly who we are, and is hungry wanting food... it's just the motor skills. Just wanted to see if anyone had some thoughts on the situation. Everything I've read for late stages says that swallowing, etc... can be an issue, but it also says they won't even know who you are or where they are by that time. Not the case with her...
My father is 72 years old. For a little while he was having some memory problems. In 6 weeks he has gone from driving and doing normal household things to being placed in hospital and declared mentally incompetent. He can no longer walk or feed himself, and has to wear a diaper.&nbsp;We are&nbsp;now waiting for a nursing home for him. The Drs are all puzzled as to why he has declined so fast. He was diagnosed with frontal lobe Alzheimer's 3 weeks ago. He doesn't even know his wife or any of us, his kids, anymore.
My father passed away on August 25 2013. Apparently the brain disease he had was so rare that his brain has been sent to Ottawa, Canada and hi body had to be cremated.
We are master student from UCL and currently carrying out a consultancy project for the UCL Mental health department; the core project is a START manual which is a psychological therapy manual for dementia carers. We are aware that Dementia carers generally do not receive any formal psychological services in the NHS; so I would like to collect some primary data for research purpose from dementia carers. We have conducted a survey related to that matter, we really appreciate your time and any feedback you can offer to us. 
My 74 year old mother is displaying some behaviors that have me concerned.  I will preface this by saying she lives 11 hours away from me, so I am not seeing her on a daily basis. What can I do from so far away?  Can I call her doctor and express my concern?  Will they allow me to do that?
This is sort of extension of my post "My Mom hates the nursing home". 
Praying for the right doors to open for your mom and that she will be well taken care of!!!
To 73monte .....
Hi everybody. I have just joined. I've been a member to Alzconnected.org and really enjoyed it there, but, today I was surfing the net and came across this forum. I am a full time caregiver to my 72 year old mother in my home who was diagnosed in 2009. She is later stage 6, early seven. I just wanted to say hi, before I start learning how to navigate this forum. Shelley
Hi,ajay
Dad has had dementia for 5 years , recently had a bowel operation and he is declining fast so we now have to put him in a dementia unit.The staff were nice .
He is still in the general hospital at the moment and is having really bad days .He is meant to go to the dementia hospital on Tuesday and every fibre of my being hate it ...thank you everyone for advice
My mother in law has dementia. 3 years ago I told my husband something was wrong.  He spoke with his sister (the favorite child) and nothing was done.  This happened over and over for aboutI want to grab my kids and leave.  Leave this whole family to deal with it themselves! But I know doing that will hurt the people who need it the most my mom in law and father in law.  What do I do!?
Hi everyone every week. Any suggestions as for the reasons and what can be done
Hello, my mother and father are currently 47 and 52 years old respectively , and I needed some help on my little situation. I want to make sure, or at least lower the risks of dementia and Alzheimer's. the situation so I can guarentee them healthy senior years.
I have been fortunate to have a sister willing to step up and take care of my mom 24/7.  Challenge comes from another sibling who believes a better path is for each sibling to take a turn caring for her.  So a week here and a week there between 3 siblings.  The only place she WANTS to be is in her own home but due to her dementia that is no longer possible.  She could hurt herself and we all agree on that.  So we are trying to determine the better path...move her from one sibling's home to another every week or so.  My gut tells me familiarity is better...meaning no excessive hopping between homes.  This doesn't exclude an occasional visits.  Just calling one place &quot;home&quot; versus calling three places home.  Thoughts?
  &nbsp;I'm sure you will have given this information often before so please forgive me for asking for your help.&nbsp; I have read the forum and altho' there is a great deal of useful information, I still need to ask the following questions.
The only way is to get her to a Neurologist for testing,but it sounds like it.
Keiza,Marbil
Hi I have a question and has anyone come across this I play my mum lots of DVDs musicals and comedy movies when watching them she assumes the people are real and they are talking to her like if I make her a cup of tea she asks me to ask the people on the tv I amuse her by asking them she can not watch the news or any one getting hurt as she gets upset ifs this apart of dementia another question  it is hard to have a conversation with mum as she talks aboutThank you
Hi everybodyMy grandma has alzeihemer's and she does not sleep, she can go for 2 days without sleep, sedatives work for a while and then they stop, any ideas ?
My gma has gone into non sleep mode now for abt 7 or 8 months, it goes for days and then she gets one night sleep with or without the help of sedatives and then back again to lack of sleep. Needless to say this is taking it's heavy toll on my mum who is her main caregiver ( and is 65 herself) , my question is how long does it usually take for this stage? Is there a subsequent stage when she will get more sleep or is it downhill from here on?
My nan is 91 and has advanced Alziemers. She has been in a special care home for nearly 2 years. She is aggressive, has no memory, doubly incontinent and is heavily medicated to calm her down when the carers have to wash her (several times a day). The thought of her trying to recover from this is horrendous. The home can barely cope with her anyway so she will never go back there. It seems so cruel our respected and loved elderly have to suffer like this.
Well she has survived the surgery. There are no details yet, mum and dad are going to see her tonight. It leaves the nhs to cope with a frightened old lady who will deficate in her bed several times a day and usually takes 4 or 5 people at the care home to get her cleaned up ( she doesnt think its ger mess). Im so worried the nurses will hate her and leave her to it because shes so unpleasant, but obviously not her fault. They just dont have the staff for her. I want to phone them up to say be nice to her!
Judy (Effie) made several phone calls trying to reach Lyn, Howie or Cait.  Cait returned her call and gave the following information about

Lyn, you take care of yourself, we'll be soooo looking forward to hearing from you once again!!  You are in my prayers!
.....Just to let all know that we havent been able to let yous know how Lyn is ,as our modem is totalled but getting a new one this Monday.......Lyn has been in intensive care and then went to critical care for a week but is being transfeered to London where they do know more about this for her ....We all appreciate your support thru this trying time ....Howie ,Cait Rick and of course Lyn .Take care and hope you are doing well ....
Rosie , Lyn said to give you her love and that she hopes you are doing well,thanks for posting in the mod forum for her as she has been worried sick that she has not been able to let Peter know whats going on,she was crying alligator tears when reading the posts from all of yous tonight when I saw her and i really think it gave her some major inner strenghth to get her self back together and get home to us and all of you . I am so happy she has friends like you and judy as well as all the others to help her thru this time .It is certainly not a hardship to love her and support her all the way as she is a warm and loving woman that cares about her family here and her HW family,I am truly blessed to have her as my friend ,soulmate and wife and would not trade one minute of out of our lives together ....she really misses you all so much and wants to get home to get back on here to you all....She also said to give Dad and Mom  a big hugg and kiss for her ,be well and know that you are very special to her .Howie,Cait and Lyn

.........Hi to you all ......am back ,just got home yesterday...........still have a couple of sores but nothing I cant handle and will do it without so much stress from home here with my family and my HW family...........am supposed to rest and I promise i will but wow looks like theres a lot of catching up to do ( I was going thru HW withdrawal)............Howie printed out all the posts for me and yous had me balling my face off, it does the heart and body so GOOD to see there are peeps out there that care and support you thru anything .........I owe you all big time ...........as I said I will rest but I am going to get my bottom in gear and get to reading and replying to some of theses posts........I have missed you all sooooooo much,take care and God Bless .........Lyn&nbsp;

This IS a great place Lyn!!  You are so right!  and it is SO good to see you feeling well enough to post.  As I said in the other post, make resting a priority!! You'll heal faster!!
its Howie ......i am making sure she rests drs strict instructions...........even got her a new pc so she didnt get stressed out........not that she noticed lol......i got in trouble when she noticed ............she said that she might be on later tonite .................take care and God bless&nbsp;
Thanks so much Howie.   You are a peach!!!! 
Yes he is making me rest lol..........I felt so bad when I didnt even notice it was a whole new puter..........but in my defence it is the same brand and colour ............thats my story and I am sticking to it lol......It is so great to be home and in my own bed .......where we moved to the other apt., I can see Moms house very clearly so it makes me feel a bit easier ...............my darling siblings checked in on her and dad a few times but it was Howie and Cait that where running between him working ,coming to the hospital and then getting home for Cait ...(she has been working at an animal shelter ).....plus they moved everything with my sons help only,and set it all up for the OCD Mom lol....and still had the love for me and knew I was worried about&nbsp;
Wow Lyn . . . you are surely blessed!!
.......Rosie yes I am truly am ........with a hubby and children that are so supportive and then of course my HW &quot;family&quot;.............How are you and how is your Dad  and Mom doing?.........Take care and God Bless ..........Lyn&nbsp;
Maybe you need a lap top that way you will stay in bed,lol.

Lyn, I just wanted to let you know that you've been in my thoughts and prayers and hoping you feel better very soon!!
Dear Lyn,
Dear Lyn,Judy
I wanted to wish all are Veterans. A happy vets day. And to thankFORUM MODERATOR: RHEUMATOID ARTHRITIS
Well . . . dad had some chest pain on Monday and we (mom and I) took him to the ER.  They did all their testing and things are inconclusive as to his heart.  But, while we were there, the doctor asked mom if she was interested in some help at home.  We were unaware that hospice would help anyone until 6 months before probably death (sorry, I didn't know any other way to say that) . . . it turns out that we may qualify for some pre-hospice care which will include:
What do you do against gases, or I am the only one that suffers from gases everyday?Erwin
Can anyone recommend a doctor in the Los Angeles area for memory loss?  I'm only 39 and have trouble remembering things like general details of a movie or TV show I had just watched a few days or weeks ago.  It's been like this for a couple of years now, and I think it's time for me to see a physician.  Thank you!
I was out of town this week, doing dr appts 350 miles away and visiting family and friends. I went to see a dear friend in a facility that has dementia. He is like a father to me. The state of his health has alarmed me. I spoke to the nurse - and she said his daughter was his power of attorney, and handling all care despite the facility advising he needs to be on certain meds and his daughter is refusing it. I visited 10 minutes with him, he had just got out of bed to see me, and had to get back into bed after 10 minutes. A few months ago, I called his daughter and asked for her father's phone number as I had got a new phone and for some reason it did not transfer over. She deleted my friend status on facebook, and never returned my call. She is cutting me out of the picture, and litterly from what I saw is waiting for her father to pass. I don't have the money to fight her in court for power of attorney but I have to do something. She isn't getting him the medical attention he needs, failing to get medicines the nurses say he needs, not looking out of him what so ever. He refused his lunch, saying it wouldn't agree with him. It was only 1/4 cup soup and a half sandwhich. He lost over 100 lbs from what I saw. What can I do? How can I get him a power of attorney what will provide what he needs? I did ask the nurse if he was sound of mind enough to change power of attorneys, and sadly he is not. Does anyone else have some advice?&quot;The Walking Medical Mystery&quot;/~Medical Caregiver and Doctors Worse Nightmare~/ DX: Lactose Intolerance, Gluten Sensitive, ADD, Fibromyalgia, Carpel Tunnel, Arthritis, Clasterphobia, Anxiety, Diabetes Type II, Grave's Disease, Tachycardia, GERD, PCOS, Migraines, UARS, Anterior Scleritis, Orbital Tumor, Bursitus
I could actually see my friend chose the cycle of life over a ton of pills. I have mixed feelings because I believe there is a fine point of life and comfort til the day verses pain within life til the day. He has restless leg syndrome and dementia. I believe, however, not sure as the nurse did not say what meds he should be on, the medication was for his restless leg syndrome. I believe on the fact of how restless his legs were (they shook a lot), and how fatigued he was. I am a very strong willed, caring, loving person and I of course love all my friends dearly. My friend is older, but like a grandfather. My maternal grandfather passed away when I was not even ten years of age, and my paternal grandfather had dementia since I can remember til he passed on a month ago, today. The grandfather part came from this friend, and it is probably the special bond and friendship that just tears me seeing this happen to him. Paternal grandfather was a touchy one to get close to, and I happened to be the only grandkid to get close to him within the last few years. It was a common factor, and he amazed me with stories on end. I had my army pt shirt on, and he asked me if I had served (LOL, have to love the dementia part). I heard stories of his service, in WWII. It was real interesting. Sorry for being off track, but the bond between family is strong for me, and my friend whom is like a grandfather is family in heart. Thats why I want him to have the best care ever.&quot;The Walking Medical Mystery&quot;/~Medical Caregiver and Doctors Worse Nightmare~/ DX: Lactose Intolerance, Gluten Sensitive, ADD, Fibromyalgia, Carpel Tunnel, Arthritis, Clasterphobia, Anxiety, Diabetes Type II, Grave's Disease, Tachycardia, GERD, PCOS, Migraines, UARS, Anterior Scleritis, Orbital Tumor, Bursitus
Only 4 More days til T-Day (Thanksgiving) here in the states. &quot;The Walking Medical Mystery&quot;/~Medical Caregiver and Doctors Worse Nightmare~/ DX: Lactose Intolerance, Gluten Sensitive, ADD, Fibromyalgia, Carpel Tunnel, Arthritis, Clasterphobia, Anxiety, Diabetes Type II, Grave's Disease, Tachycardia, GERD, PCOS, Migraines, UARS, Anterior Scleritis, Orbital Tumor, Bursitus
May 6, 2013 I entered a toxic environment house of a client (a "Hoarder's Home") with no protective gear on just trying to be helpful and as a result ended up with this very rare diagnosis. I have found this website so helpful in symptoms of the horrible Prednisone I am on and thought perhaps there might be others out there who have this medical diagnosis or have even heard of it.
My husband was diagnosed with LBD this past week. He had been showing signs of memory loss for the past couple of years nothing really serious so we just chalked it off to old age(74) we were not really too worried about 5 weeks ago his legs and feet starting swelling and there was a sudden rise in his blood pressure. I took him to the dr. who changes his B/P meds the swelling went down but the B/P continued to be in the 200's so I took him back to the dr. and he ordered a CBC which came back showing kidney failure so the dr. sent us to a kidney dr. who again changed his B/P meds. I noticed within a couple of days his speech was slurred and he started having really strange behaviors like seeing things that were not there and what I called night terrors. He would get out of bed at 3:00am wandering the house and then wake me up with crazy stories that he had been kidnapped and held against his will by neighbors and he had been gone for days but was finally able to escape thew a small window and find his way home. Then he suddenly lost his motor skills and I called the Dr. back who ordered another CBC and this time he was in kidney failure..They admitted him to the hosip. and thankfully were able to bring his kidney function back and cure a UT infection. They saw him experience some of these night terrors in the hosip. and at 1st thought he was suffering from Uremia but after a week of the infection being gone and a CT scan of his head they said it was LBD. I brought him home the night before Thankgiving and he has had a few moments clarity but not very much. He seems more paranoid and his short term memory is completely gone. He is seeing things that are not there and very confused. I had never heard of this disease until last week and would like to see if anyone can help me to better understand what I am dealing with. Thank you....
So sorry your husband is going through this, and you, too. I wish I had something specific to offer as far as LBD goes but I'm unfamiliar with it. It sounds like you're an amazing source of support to him and I wish you all the best. I'll be rooting for you in the coming days. Sending along a hug!
Got an email from my sister on Monday morning that Mom had really taken a turn for the worst. I drove to the Bay Area, and got there about 3:00 pm, and she was in an agitated state so the hospice nurse started the morphine. 
I'm so sorry about
Hi All, what I've posted or just have questions? Please email me!!! Click on blue envelope under my screen name.
Just started my mom on this drug,(Namenda). I'm not happy at all with the outcome so far. I'm thinking about taking her off before its too late. She is acting way way worse than before she started. I didn't think she had much wrong and then I took her to the Dr and he says shes Demented and puts her on this stuff. I know my mom pretty well and shes always been the way she is just a little worse with age. This stuff is making her like she has Dementia. I am curious if anyone else has had this problem. Please help....
Hello ......
My sister the saint looks after our dad way more than I do... But I spent several hours with him yesterday.
I no longer feel welcome to HW, so goodbye my friends and family. It doesn't matter anymore.
.......Hi everyone ,just want to say thanks for all your support,prayers and concern,over these last couple of months.I got home from hospital late Thursday and am supposed to rest alot (ya right lol)......have a couple of sores but I can handle them better here at home ........am sure the nurses were glad to see me leave ,no doubt thru a party lol........Want to welcome all the newbies and let you know this is a great place for care,support and honest empathy......I know it has been my lifeline and I swear I was going thru HW withdrawal........But I did promise the doc and Howie and Cait that I will rest as I dont want to be back in there again......Howie printed out the posts you's had done and I was balling my face off .........I dont think there is a better med then seeing that you are really cared about&nbsp;
Hi Lyn,&nbsp;
Got this diagnosis last week pending PET scan and results of lumbar (already saw shrinkage on left side from MRI). She is 59, and presents with inability at times to find words.  No memory or personality issues.  I have been researching intensively and believe that primary progressive aphasia- logopenic best fit the symptoms.  I was amazed at how little there is out there regarding potential treatment.  Thus far I have obtained lions mane, phosphaticlylserine, vit. E, and CoQ10 to start her out.  Her specialist put her immediately on donepezil, stating she did not think it was AD, but wanted to initiate anyway just in case.  I am finding that there is confusion in discussions between AD, frontotemporal and aphasia.  She has no cognitive disabilities/memory issues, multi tasks and runs a business.  I was devastated to see the preliminary diagnosis, and the diverse opinions on progression and life expectancy.  Any input on this, experiences, medication etc would be greatly appreciated.  We have been together for 40 years and I want to do everything I can for her. I recently also read a study that cannabis may be beneficial.  We next see her doctor in a couple of weeks, and I want to be fully prepared.  Thanks
Just wanted to point out a new milestone.  We quietly hit 2 million forum posts over the holidays!

Hello ........
This is truly heartbreaking, Sophie. Bless you for honoring your vows and becoming your husband's caretaker as his illness progressed. I'm sure it's a tremendous task at times and even though you have breaks, your mind probably isn't far away.  I pray you'll have complete confidence when the time comes to transfer the bulk of his care to a facility. The grief and guilt you're experiencing sound completely natural as no couple wants to go through this transition. Wishing you peace and rest and dear friends to journey with you. Thanks for giving us a glimpse into your struggle. &lt;&lt;hugs&gt;&gt;
I'm new here and need help. My mother has been having memory trouble for about a year. She lives in another city than me.  Her brothers and sister have convinced her to give them POA. they have been very mean to her and she got in her car and drove to a local church and sat there crying. A lady saw her and called the police which after asking her a series of questions determined she needed a psych evaluation. they took her to a behavioral place and later transferred her to a secure unit in a nursing home. Meanwhile her brothers and sisters transferred her car and home into their names and closed out her bank account.  My mother is devistated. I am trying to get guardianship of her now. The nursing home tells me that they won't let her leave even if I have the guardianship because it's against doctors orders. This is crap she is not that bad. She only has trouble when she is upset. It is very easy to confuse her. My sister and I live 1 mile apart and we want her to come live at my sisters who is home full time. How can I get her out of there when she has a doctor that won't budge? I live in TX
Hello Dears,Many thanks in advance
Hello, I'm here because I don't know where to start. I'm 35 years old and recently became a new mom. I was living across the country and when I was pregnant decided to move back. My father is 75, always had a bad memory and fell about that. Where do I start? I havea  place to take him to get testing done, thanks for listening. Any advice will help
Hi there. I am a 45 year old female. My mother had Alzheimer's and my grandma also had some form of dementia. I have always had a terrible memory and I  feel like it is getting even worse as I age. Sometimes I can't quite find the word I'm looking for and it is really frustrating. I also feel like my reaction time is slower. When I answer a question at work it seems to take me longer to &quot;retrieve&quot; it out of my brain, KWIM? I'm not saying that I think I have Alzheimer's right now, but given my family history, what things would you all suggest I do? I haven't thought about it much honestly, but I am reading that a lot of people get it in their 50's. Thanks for any information you can give me!
First, I would like to say that I am not the most patient human being alive, but I am empathetic and definitely work hard to understand all aspects of a situation before giving up all hope.Thank you.
&nbsp;I know many people reading this will understand the emotional rollercoaster I have been on since 'we'-my brother and I put my mother in a residential care home Sept 2012&nbsp;at 79yrs . She is a old nurse and they say&nbsp;nurses and Dr's&nbsp;are the hardest to 'settle' in to a senior's home.&nbsp; 
I stumbled on this message and couldn't help to register and post a reply, as it annoys me so much the way psychoactive medicines are prescribed. My mother has been a victim of psychiatrist (with some help from her side), since she was so fond of prescription given to my mother in a psychiatric ward were she was admitted after suffering from an anxiety crisis. In the long term it turned out that the medicines she was already taking were the culprit of the crisis, and that providing her with even more of these toxics just made things worst. So she was not calmed, she still was anxious, but on top of this she was doped and acting as a zombie. Antipsychotics produced her parkinsonim (which in turns made her to fall and break first her shoulder and then her hip), plus some other movement disorders (dyskinesia and akathisia). Benzodiazepines, sleep pills and antidepressives just added to her confussion. Now she is not taking any medicine at all, and though there are some side effects that cannot been reversed, most of her symptoms and conditions improved. But I had to take the decisions on my own, cause Doctors are totally reluctanct to admit how wrong their treatments turn to be.
Hi, I am new on here.  I seem to have nobody to talk to, at least not someone who would understand.
Hi,Collie
My wife, 70, is have extraordinary problems with her memory, such as not recalling a movie we both watched and enjoyed a few weeks ago. She has always been a worrier, but lately that has taken on larger dimensions. Her mother, who died at 94, suffered some form of dementia  for a couple of years before her death, and my wife is afraid of that happening to her.Moorloch
Hi everyone,
My mother is in a nursing home with Dementia.  I live about a year after diagnosis she fell out of bed and broke her hip.  Due to the fact that the initial care home had stairs she remained in hospital for a couple of months under excessive medications in order to keep her calm.  Finally she was placed.  After she broke her hip she was not the same whatsoever.  She is in a wheelchair now, she is unable to speak clearly, and has no control over her bodily functions.  I was able to visit her this past Sept, which was a releif.  The home she is in is taking very good care of her.  She knew myself and my husband immediately...and had a good visit.  Her condition is progressing and I am worried she won't know me by the time I make it to see her again as when her brother went to see her she didn't know him.  I have never know anyone with this condition..is it possible to progress so quickly or could the heavy sedation over a couple of months in hospital cause such an advancement, and if so why would the hospital do such a thing?
So terrible.  It's bad enough your grandma had to go to the home for her protection but to be neglected by them in the end is inexcusable.  She deserved so much better.  Sorry that your family had to do go through that too.  I will try everything in my power to keep my mom home.  There has to be a better way.  Thank you.
Has anyone taken this or given this to a family member that got better in talking?  My mom was practically a mute a week ago but since starting on Amantadine she's blurting words out left and right.  I heard people take this for fatigue but in my mom's case she sleeps 20 hours a day so I wanted to wake her up.  it's doing it a little bit but more so in stimulating her brain to make her talk.  Down side is she's having a lot of trouble walking now. Her legs go weak and drops easily.
This is my first time posting. My father in law is 78 and he wasAny help, advise would be greatly appreciated.
Hi,-Jeremy
This is pretty miraculous... and beautiful...and touching...
All I can say is that this disease SUC*#! I lost my dad on 5/8/14. Memorial Service coming up on 5/17/14. I'm sorry to all of you who are having to deal with this dreaded disease.
Anyone taking Ritalin to think better and talk or is given to a loved one that is working well?
First let me say how happy i am to have found this forum!  
Hi Angell!
Dear Angel,Effie/Judy
We've recently added our new&nbsp;" HealingWell.com&nbsp;and you'll be helping to support your favorite web site&nbsp;at the same time.
...........had to delete that post from the one you answered today ......cure for all eh&nbsp;&nbsp;ya &nbsp;right lol...........Hope you and Larry are well ......take care and God Bless ...Lyn....... 
..........Hey sis ,just checking in to see how your Dad is doing ,have not talked you you in so long . Hope you are feeling better as well .......Be good and thinking bout you always ............give Dad and your Mom a big hug for me ...........Loads of love and huggs sent your way .......God Bless ........Sis &nbsp;
Well Lyn . .  last week I had one of those very painful days with him.   He wanted to go to the police station to visit the chief.  (Dad used to be a policeman, service director, mayor, county administrator . . . LOTS of public service).  Anyway, we approached the counter at the police station and the whole wall above the counter was mirrored.  There were teeny tiny pass-through holes under the counter to each attendant . . . . but you'd have to bend way over to see under.  Well . . .  there was dad looking at himself in the mirror and carrying on quite a conversation with himself.  I was soooooo angry with the set up in there.  I felt really weird knowing that they could see us and we couldn't see them.  I understand that it is for their safety and all . . . but good Lord, put a phone in there or something.  OK, I'll stop my rant.   I don't know why it hit me so hard, but I was bummed for several days over the incident.  It was just so demeaning.   
Hey hun ........I know you must have been angry,frustrated and i would imagine just a bit (way lots)......upset for Dad ......that is very demeaning and I would have felt the same but I no doubt would have said something to anyone that came out lol,and probably found myself in the station without a key .....glad you kept your cool . I bet he had a blast doing the painting of his car ,he is so lucky to have you and vice versa ........no hun my family dont give a rat's behind on how Mom is or help out in anyway except for this last little while (since the drinking) as I made my sister come back here to Moms and look after her ..........I check in and as hard as it is I will not do anything until Mom has stopped the drinking for good and has gotten straightened out.My sister supplied the beer and knew the consequences so now she will clean up the aftermath ............Mom has had quite the hangover and it hurts to see her like that but........I will be there for her as always but as I told my sister its time to step up and start to look after the woman who changed your diaper,wiped your nose and did all for you ........sister was totally shocked that I said what I said (and more) but hey it was time, you know..........I am getting better with each day but am not talking to many of the family members so that helps with the stress. I have had more love ,care and concern from HW and my &quot;lil&quot; family on here than with my blood family and it does hurt more than I can say but I will remember it ........I forgive but I may not forget ya know what I mean.............Howie and Cait have been rocks thru all of this and I have been soooo &quot;B&quot;....Grumpy that I dont know how they have been able to deal with it ,and I get so upset with myself as I know that I am not angry at them just this DD ......Hope you are well and hope to yak more often ,miss you and stories about&nbsp;
Dear Rosie,
My 76 year old father was diagnosed with vascular dementia and moderate Alzheimer’s earlier this year.  He also started having small strokes.  This diagnosis came after several episodes that eventually lead to him asking us to take him to the hospital in the middle of the night.  The most dramatic episodes seemed to stem from when my mother got sick last winter.  She had some fairly significant medical issues that forced her to spend a month in hospital.  When she was in hospital the rate of decayed in my fathers conative functioning was very visible. It seemed that he had no idea where or how to start taking care of himself i.e. what to do with mail (bills), how to feed himself etc.   He was always very capable around the house over the past couple of years had becoming increasing confused over simple things.  He eventually starting leaving burners running on the stove, starting electrical/wiring projects and not knowing how to finish them (getting electrocuted), falling and hitting his head while walking the dog.  Doing plumbing jobs and causing the house to flood etc.   The medical issues with my mother seemed to push him right over the edge.  He eventually hit someone with his car and lost his driver license.  The person was ok (thank god) but immediately following that event my father sank rapidly.  Any help or advice would be greatly appreciated.
My 76 year old father was diagnosed with vascular dementia and moderate Alzheimer’s earlier this year.  He also started having small strokes.  This diagnosis came after several episodes that eventually lead to him asking us to take him to the hospital in the middle of the night.  The most dramatic episodes seemed to stem from when my mother got sick last winter.  She had some fairly significant medical issues that forced her to spend a month in hospital.  When she was in hospital the rate of decayed in my fathers conative functioning was very visible. It seemed that he had no idea where or how to start taking care of himself i.e. what to do with mail (bills), how to feed himself etc.   He was always very capable around the house over the past couple of years had becoming increasing confused over simple things.  He eventually starting leaving burners running on the stove, starting electrical/wiring projects and not knowing how to finish them (getting electrocuted), falling and hitting his head while walking the dog.  Doing plumbing jobs and causing the house to flood etc.   The medical issues with my mother seemed to push him right over the edge.  He eventually hit someone with his car and lost his driver license.  The person was ok (thank god) but immediately following that event my father sank rapidly.  Any help or advice would be greatly appreciated.
..........I was sitting here this am yaking to Effie and lo and behold a knock on my door .......looked out the peekhole and here is my MOM at the door ,God Bless her soul ........She came to check on me as she was worried about&nbsp;
LOL Lyn!!!
&nbsp;
I am unsure what to do, this may be long, but help would be much appreciated, I'm so worried.Thank you anyone who attempts to help, thank you very much... Sorry it was so long..
Hi,https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pluresservices.alzhelper
Good Morning Everyone... [img][/img][code]
Good  Morning Everyone... Regina
Hi everyone! I have been given permission from Peter Waite to post this: I am a second year graduate student in the masters of occupational therapy program at California State University Dominguez Hills. My colleagues and I are running a study on the correlation between engagement in favored activities (for persons with dementia) and caregiver burden. If you or someone you know is a caregiver to an individual with dementia please take this survey or pass this along. It would help me greatly!

&nbsp;
Tough call.. Does she get unruly or combative? Being stuck on a plane with no where to go could be painful for everyone... Then there's the trip back. Could maybe put together a slide show or power point of Sequoia.
We are looking for an additional volunteer moderator for this forum.  We encourage existing regular participating forum members to apply.   See the link below for details:
&quot;Thanks for the info. Were they placed in a medi-caid paid home? We can't afford the private facilities which is why I am very hesitant aboutI guess I'm trying to say that there are places out there that are good places and want families to come and be involved.  And the other patients looove it when someone comes and will visit with you too!  I hope you can find that for your mom.  Bless you. -Joy
Does anyone here take XR after being on regular Namenda?  My mom has been on XR for about a month now and her legs are weak and unstable now.  We can't go back to regular strength since it is getting discontinued.  Has anyone experienced this and did the weakness go away eventually?
?
As if we need another reason to monitor our blood levels of vitamin D:
I encourage everyone to give as much as you can to help the refugees&nbsp;from the Hurricane Katrina disaster in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and elsewhere.&nbsp; This is the largest natural disaster to ever strike the United States and it looks like help will be needed for a long time&nbsp;to come.&nbsp; If we all pull together and give, we can make a difference in people's lives.&nbsp; &nbsp;
.....Thanks Peter.......God Bless ,..........Lyn&nbsp;
I don't know if you deal with other types of dementia than Alzheimer's, but I'm living with small vessel disease and trying to keep from becoming depressed. Have learned to live a positive life with lupus and brain fog but my cognitive impairment (aka dementia) from small vessel disease has me scared. Can any of you identify?Pat
Has Healing Well helped you out?  Help keep this website going by donating once in a while!&quot;Life is far too important to be taken seriously.&quot; - Oscar Wilde
We recently admitted my mother-in-law to a nursing home (about him visiting her, or is this just his way of dealing with it?  I would appreciate feedback!
Hi friends,
How do I deal with this. Saturday I realized that not only does she associate my face with &quot;the other woman,&quot; but also my name. I have 5 sisters and it happens to them on occasion where mom thinks they are having an affair with dad. She even suspected one of her grand daughters. Always accusing. However, I seem to be the focus and it hurts immensely and obviously my presence hurts her, agitates her greatly, which in turn upsets my dad. Do I stay away for a couple of weeks in hopes she'll forget? Do I disguise myself? Do I use a different name? What should I do. I'm so incredibly down in the dumps about 10 minutes, one of my sisters whispered in my hear, &quot;Dad said you need to leave.&quot; Can you imagine hearing those words? I cannot get them out of my head

Snowy,
....Snowy how is it going ........hope you are well ...take very good care of self and God Bless ..............Lyn&nbsp;
Hello...Let me be blunt and to the point. 
My husband was diagnosed with Alzheimers in 2007.  He was only 60 when he was diagnosed.  He is in late stage now and is on Hospice care.  He has been unable to talk or do anything for himself since 2012.  And, he hasn't known me for many many months.  However, in the past couple of weeks, there seems to be some slight recognition when he sees me.  His Hospice worker said that he was more alertAs usual, Alzheimers is confounding and incredibly sad.
I was wondering if there is anyone could help me with the 'stages' of dementia. My mother in law (mil) is in the 3rd stage??
Read an interesting article suggesting curcumin is beneficial in fighting neurological disease.  I take a lipsome form of curcumin everyday.  It is important that the curcumin is in an oil base since it is fat soluable.  Has anyone had success with curcumin? http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2014/10/13/turmeric-curcumin.aspx?e_cid=20141013Z1_DNL_art_1&utm_source=dnl&utm_medium=email&utm_content=art1&utm_campaign=20141013Z1&et_cid=DM57909&et_rid=691129389
Dr. Mercola has and excellent article on the importance of exercise in preventing Dementia.  It is important to keep the blood flowing to the brain to rebuild brain cells.  Think this would be beneficial in Alzheimer's and for that matter important in treating all disease.  Important to have good blood flow throughout the body.
&nbsp; Hello..I usually post on the Cardio board on here as I had a rather serious heart attack early last year but recently have been experiencing some odd problems mentally which I wanted to run by anyone here familiar with AD...I have always had a very sharp mind which makes these thing all the more worrisome to me..(opened the cabinet with the glasses in it again instead of the freezer..Oi
If you feel the need get am appointment with a Neurologist & be tested.You are not too young to get AD.
Dear Sara, 
Sara TG, I also think that stress and being in our age category, (45+)with all of the things going on with that.........aging parents, kids, etc.......may be your problem!!!my brain is all over the place with life's stresses!!!!I'm by no means an expert on Alzheimer's but I think others around you would be noticing other symptoms from you....still, get checked out by a doc....(even though from what I understand, they can't definitely prove the person had it, until after an autopsy.....sorry , but that's what I've heard).....hang in there!
Hello..Thanks for asking..I am fine..I`m not sure if my heart attack etc are to blame..I`m actually less stressed now than I was before it..Being dead really mellowed me out in life   it...My mom who lives with us has AD and is on medication but even still she does and says some really wild things..Best wishes to everyone
Lyn, thanks for pointing out my error, and no offense at all for being corrected!I want to be informed, not bury my head in the sand.haha..............My boyfriend's mother has Alzheimer's, but he and his family would much rather live in denial......turn a deaf ear to my suggestions.I spend time trying to research, and I could have sworn&nbsp;I saw that it has to be diagnosed only after an autopsy.(but I also stopped researching when I saw that my knowledge wasn't wanted)"mom's just slipping a bit" is the main take they have.But aging parents&nbsp;are tough, no matter what the problems are...AD is just especially heart wrenching...my prayers are with you all..........
I have not been on this forum for quite some time. It appears to be more active now than it was in the past and that is a good thing. I hope members are able to lean on each other and support one another. Miriam
Hi,Undetected since week 4.  Undetected 12 weeks post treatment.
Hi just wondered how many people think it would be a good idea to have a forum for the Families & Carers ?on; Methotrexate,Endone,Tramal 200mg,Prednisone,Metforman(Diabex),Tambocor. Oxygen & Cpap, Prolia (Denosumab Injection),Lyrica
......Just wanted to let you all know&nbsp;I will not be around till later tonight ...........My step&nbsp;grandma passed away on Wednesday and I will be at the Funeral today.........She fell about&nbsp;
MandiAnn,Thanks hun for your kind words and prayers .........God Bless ......Lyn&nbsp;
Dearest Lyn,Judy/Effie
Amen to Judy's prayer Lynn 
Thanks to the both of you ..........I know she is no longer in pain and is with her Maker........God Bless and both of you be well please ..........Rosie ,Give Dad a big hugg for me and Jude as always my love to you and your's ............&nbsp;
Sorry LYN.Thanks for listening.
dammy, How did your Dad do today with the colonoscopy?!  I hope all is well!!
He did fine. They removed 3 polyps. No big deal. Thank goodness.Thanks for listening.
Yea!!  I'm happy that it turned out so well!
dammy...........Glad your Dad's scope went great and no problems to worry about&nbsp;
...We have a member "Harley 26" that I talk to alot on IM........Just found out she has breast cancer and is having her surgery tomorrow........Carol doesn't post often but reads everyday .........Please say a prayer for her she needs all the help she can get ,she is absolutely terrified .........Thanks in advance all .......God Bless .........Lyn.(she has Crohn's )&nbsp;
......I am calling her tonight to yak as she is just terrified and I will keep you posted after her surgery......Thanks ........God Bless ......Lyn&nbsp;
Lyn, please give Harley my best wishes!!
Hey Teri I will do that........she is so scared and I can't blame her ......she is a single mom and has a daughter Heather who is Cait's age and they yak back and forth too...Thanks for your post ........God Bless .....Lyn&nbsp;
Hi to all, I just wanted to thank you all for the prayers and thoughts. I can hardly see thru the tears right now. You guys are my family too, as I have crohns as well.I don't post much, but I do read everyday, and think and pray for you all too. Just keep those prayers coming for my daughter too, she is taking it pretty well, but I know it is hard on her. i go into surgery for the breast cancer at 10:45am, and just to know i am not alone, I have you guys and God, as He said He would not put any more on us than we could bare. So I have faith that I will be ok. Love and prayers to you all. Carol
I've been taking care of my MIL for almost a month now.  She, I think, is pretty much in the last stages of Alzheimers.  The hardest part for me is watching the &quot;nothingness&quot; of her days.  She gets up in the morning and has &quot;one&quot; cup of coffee as she begins to work her &quot;word search&quot; puzzles.  And, she works them all day long.  She shuffles the pages and checks the answers and a lot of the time she doesn't seem to even be aware of anything around her.  It is so hard watching this day after day.  I wonder to myself how it must feel to have &quot;nothing to do&quot; or to not have anything meaningful to think aboutSusie
Dear Rosie,Judy/Effie
Hi, I am new here, i came across this site and hoping to get some advice or just vent even. Let me start by saying i am 42 this past October me and my husband celebrated out one year anniversary, we have been together for 3 years. I have known him for almost 10 years. His wife left him and eventually we started seeing each other. Anyways, since i have come into the picture his mother had already been showing signs of Parkinson's it took me 6 months to convince him to change her doctor. When he finally did he immediatly reffered her to a Neurologist, where she was diagnosed with Parkinson's, by this time we were already living together and engaged. (note: she was living with my husband for 5 years before we got together)  We got married and her condition got worse. It is now starting to have a strain on our marriage. He is an only child, his father passed away  when he was 18, and my husband is all she has, he tells me this all the time,  he is in serious denial about this and didn't tell me?&quot; I constantly listen to how frustrated he is with her, and all he can say is &quot;What do I do?&quot; or &quot;What can I do?&quot; I have considered leaving the marriage over the stress of this situation, I feel like I am responsible for her only when it suits him, but any input into her medical treatment is a no no, unless he asks, and i refuse to suggest anything, for fear it will backfire on me, when something goes wrong. I am at my wits end!!!
.....Hi all sorry I am posting this so late but I had a "clothing share" to do today at the Church ........it is something I do monthly that supplies good quality clothing for the kids that are need .............Anyway I am so happy to let you all know that Carol pulled thru the surgery and is doing as well as possible.........She was so touched by the responses and prayers that when I was talking to her yesterday prior to surgery,she was reading the posts and said she could hardly see thru all the tears ........You are all so great and the power of prayer and you all are the reason she is doing so good ...........I thank you from the bottom of my heart........Carol and I are like sisters ,we are so close and have been since we both joined HW about&nbsp;
Is Eczema very common for people with AD? Thanks in advance.
Hello everyone,Medication free on 01.05.14
My mom has it, and I am scared I may get it later on, I have memory problems now but that can be attributed to the other meds I take. Do they have a test that could detect in me this early?
My Father was recently diagnosed with Alzheimer's, at first before we knew he had it, there were some signs that we thought something maybe wrong with his memory, but he functioned very well, walked 4 miles every day, was always gong somewhere, very active.He barely will do anything anymore, he usually just sits by my Mom, and repeatedly tells her how much he loves her, and how beautiful her hair is, he is not the same man I knew, my heart breaks for him, I have taken this so very bad, I never really understood Alzheimers and the devastation it can cause, I sure wish I never found out!
Hi,Does anyone know if there is info out there concerning this?
I've read that leukine is being testing in a clinical trial to study possible effects on Alzheimers.  It was noticed by researchers that rheumatoid arthritis patients almost never developed Alzheimers.  One hypothesis that has been successfully tested in mice is that the protein GMCSF is released into the blood in RA patients.  This protein then gets into the brain and prevents alzheimers.  This same protein is in the drug leukine.Lou
I don't know whether I'm paranoid or it is happening for real .I took a break from work after we had our first child and barely did anything apart from taking care of my LO,cooking,laundry and cleaning. 2 years later I find myself finding it difficult to recollect names, my netbanking passwords, and some really crucial information which otherwise I would recollected even if you'd ask me when I'm asleep. Now I want to get back into corporate life and lack the confidence because I feel I am no longer the same smart individual I used to be. I am so scared !!!
Mental Health First Aid and the University of Melbourne are conducting research to develop guidelines on how a member of the public can help a confused older person. Participation would involved completing 3 surveys over aboutNote to moderator: We have been given permission from Peter Waite to post this request.
On Monday I will be visiting my Dad in a nursing home. Due to family nastiness, I haven't been allowed any access to him in approximately 9 years, and now that I may visit I will be with him as often as is possible. Please don't judge.. I would have been there for him this whole time were it an option for me.Thanks.
Hello Alzheimer's Forum!
For everyone reading:Good luck.
naturalsociety.com/alzheimers-disease-linked-pineal-gland-calcification-f...Keep it Simple, Progress Not Perfection, One Day at a Time..
It has been 25 years since my beloved grandma died at the age of 80. For as long as I can remember, and I grew up with her, she suffered from dementia. At the time (late 80's) nobody mentioned Alzheimer. But I've been thinking aboutIt would really help me immensely to hear your opinions and experiences.
Hello,Union College ‘15
Hi I will just get to it... My grandma's behavior has changed tremendously.Maybe a few weeks ago my grandma had her first episode where she would become completely unresponsive. The first one happened at her residence where she sat down to eat and just sat there with here eyes closed and when you tried to talk to her she wouldn't say anything almost like she was sleeping as well as being hard to wake up. She was rushed to the hospital and the doctors couldn't find anything. The second time it happened I was with her and she was sitting in her chair unresponsive again.
My father in law was diagnosed about
I've spent some time on the RA board and it's my first post over here.Thanks.
I'm not expecting anyone to diagnose my best friend of 50 years, just looking for some advice.  We are both 67 years old. the phone (we're talking TWO years now!) so I know she's sitting at home just playing with it.  It's definitely getting on her family's nerves and mine to be honest.  I try to tell her to get rid of it and get something simple and she says she will but never does...just laughs it off.  What is going on with my dear friend and do you have any suggestions?
I certainly understand why there seem to be very few posts from patients with dementia/Alzheimer's, but if there are any of you out there I'd like to hear from you.  Last year both my internist and rheumatologist told me to see their neurologist because I had memory problems. It started simply. I was going to cook oatmeal. In front of me I had a pot of water on the stove, container of oatmeal, measuring cup. For a few seconds I couldn't figure out how to get the oatmeal into to pot. Hmm. Ok. I have lupus and lots of brain fog, but I decided to tell my docs of this and other memory difficulties. Neurologist found that my frontal and temporal lobes shrank and my eeg shows decreased activity in my frontal lobe. I basically failed the tests he gave me in his office. Since then things have become much worse. If I can't quickly remember something, I give up. &quot;It will turn up. It's not that important.&quot; Really, it's just too hard to think. And it's not just memory. I have days with what I consider major cognitive problems, but also thankfully have days with more clarity. I find it strange that I've never had much trouble expressing myself in writing, but when speaking I frequently forget words and what I was talking aboutFor lupus, depression, and other autoimmune illnesses I take heavy duty meds including two infusions each month. I see my neurologist again next week. I thought I'd check out your forum before I see him in case he comes up with bad news in which case I'm sure I will not feel like writing for a while.  Love, Butterflake
I'm new to this forum, usually on the lyme disease site. Thank you for any advice or encouragement you can give:)
Dr. Mary Newport discusses the science behind the Ketogenic diet.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feyydeMFWy4
.....Would like to wish all a healthy,happy weekend filled with love of friends and family............and plenty of great food ...........Would like to also take this time to state my reasons for "Giving Thanks"........First I have a home&nbsp;, warm bed&nbsp;and fresh clean water.My life was not thrown into turmoil,nor did I lose loved ones with Katrina. My health problems are nothing compared to what these people have and are having to endure ...for this I am so Thankful..........Our little town is gathering by the Centopath on Monday at noon for a moment of silence and prayers to follow for the people that had to go thru this horrific disaster....................I am thankful for a warm,loving hubby that never forgets to let me know he is always here for me as well as a beautiful daughter ,inside and out that always puts others first and never forgets to tell me numerous times daily how much she loves me...........I have so much to be Thankful for this "Thanksgiving" ...........I am so very thankful for all my HW family/friends that have gotten me thru some very rough times this past year........without you all I honestly don't know what I would have done ............God Bless and be well .........Lyn.........BTW,want to share what you are thankful for ????&nbsp;
Happy Thanksgiving, Lyn!! :)

...........Hi Teri .........well yesterday the Ham and scallops were so good ....mmmmmmmmm, and I even made a pumpkin pie , today the menu is turkey with mashed potatoes and gravy with all the trimmings ........will let you know how it goes smelling good already ........Huggs .......God Bless .......Lyn&nbsp;
.......Well my dinner turned out just fine ..........have half a bird left and enough leftovers for a week lol........I will just make up my own lil tv dinners and freeze them ,so Howie and Cait can just grab one if I am not up to cooking ..........Hope you are doing okay and I am going to print out some of the remeedies for itching to take to doc's this am as Howie gets real bad ............thanks sis for all your help and your kind words each day ..........you are truly a friend ........God Bless .......Lyn&nbsp;
ummmm, I smelled that aroma all the way here in Texas, Sis! :)
I wish I could have had you here with us ,enjoying the food and having good conversation..........take care sis ...........God Bless ........Lyn&nbsp;
I would love to know if this is symptom before passing away.  Anyone know?  We are considering home hospice care.
Hi All,Lauriet
I would be thankful for any advice that you can give. My mother is in a nursing home and has obvious confusion sometimes, short term memory loss, but most of all she has a lot of hallucinations. She tells me she see these things that I know haven't happened, like some man is chopping off little kids arms and legs in front of her and everyone else is just ignoring it.  She tells me she has gone places, when I know she hasn't; tells me she is now walking, when I know she can't.  She told me once the arm cutting guy was in her closet, so I looked to show her he wasn't, and she told me he built an escape door in there and got out in the other room. I tried to show her there was no such door, but she got really mad at me.  She also call apartments to set up appointments to go view them with the intention of moving out of the nursing home...I have gotten a call from one of them checking on her references!I'm just not sure what to do. All I know is that she wants me to take her and all the kids she thinks live in the nursing home with no arms out so we can buy them coats for the winter.  I tell her they don't exist, that it is her meds or something that makes her think they do. She gets very mad at me and starts yelling and cussing at me. Is this to be expected behavior?  How do you all deal with things like this?
I usually hang out in the UC forum, but my dad died of Alzheimer's so this caught &nbsp;my eye.
My mother is 90 and has had Alzheimer's type dementia diagnosed aboutFibromyalgia with PEM, sleep apnea, depression and anxiety, ankylosing spondylitis, &quot;pre&quot; diabetic, high cholesterol (basically metabolic syndrome), diastolic dysfunction
I'm afraid we are getting closer to the time that we will have to place my mother in a residential home designed for people with Alzheimer's...she is 90, but physically is like a healthy 70 year old. Completely independent and able to physically do all tasks of daily living, getting around, etc. But mentally, ah, what a challenge. The usual lack of shorter term memory, some delusional confabulation, complete denial that anything is wrong with her, and no ability to reason. Anything that is amiss is someone else's fault. Fibromyalgia with PEM, sleep apnea, depression and anxiety, ankylosing spondylitis, &quot;pre&quot; diabetic, high cholesterol (basically metabolic syndrome), diastolic dysfunction
I have been in a pain management program for 12 years. I have been taking meds that long as well. Recently I was in a fight with my husband and left to take a walk, halfway through two police officers pulled me over and asked why I was walking and had I been drinking. I said no and then they asked what illegal drug I was on, I said none. Then they said when the shined their flashlight in my eyes ans they said my eyes were pinpoints and it meant i was taking something. . I told them I was on Oxycotin and I had been on it for over 12 years, they said I was slurring my words, which I was not and they then arrested me for public intoxication! This is plain harrassment, what can I do never walk because I am always taking these drugs? This happened in Pennsylvania and I need help! Thanks!
Well If I start to talk and I cant get words outyes- I am going to a dr.,  but a long wait  until I see him
Today, my husband of 27 years just went completely insane on me, so much in fact, the cops, the ambulance, family, friends, all had to come to my rescue...because he literly tried to &quot;KILL ME&quot;. I'm 56 years old, he's almost 70 and over the last few years, he's been through cancer, heart attack to losing his colon to a ostomy bag and I have been there for him....all the way.  So when I saw him go from this docile nice okay guy to running the streets and living like he's trying to complete a &quot;bucket list&quot;, I thought nothing of it, I'm figuring this guy is retired, he's just beat cancer, heat attack, that he just wants to have fun....but that fun was turning dangerous.....so I told him that he needs to calm down a bit....the next morning, I'm awaken because he can't find his car keys.....that was at 8am this morning, its now 5am the next morning, he's gone to a hotel, because I had to put him out...he became this monster of a beast, accused me of everything under the sun, I'm in complete shock...he swears I have his keys, he's swears, I forced him to watch ****????, I mean all kinds of crazy crap is coming out his mouth and I'm terrified...like what happened??????Please are there similar stories out here like this or am I just grabbing for straws....I can't go another round taking care of this guy, I work, I have to take care of my sanity and safety...please help me.
Hello,Sorry for such long post, it just came spilling out. Thanks to all of you for being here.

Teri............ .thanks it is a really interesting article, it would be alot easier on the patient if this could actually be implemented ........your good ......take care and God Bless ....Lyn&nbsp;
Sounds promising Teri!!  Thanks.
I'm not sure if I have a problem or the future possibility of a problem, but its' been bothering me and I thought that I would post and ask aboutDo I have a problem or is just part of getting older?
Hi! I am seeking advice from anyone who has experience with Aricept. My Mother has not been formally diagnosed with Dementia but she does have bad short term memory and she is aware she does.  her taking this drug right now.
My 90 yr old mother has lived with us for 4 yrs (since my dad died)....we have tried two different motion cameras, but unfortunately, the wifi connections keep getting lost....my husband wants to get a monitor without wifi, but i'm having difficulty finding one!  Samsung used to make one that vibrated (so as not to wake my husband), but no longer.  I'd like to view what's going on with her, but i guess i may be stuck with just a motion sensor....would like one that is NOT LOUD though.  A foot pad is not advisable as she could fall.  Does anyone have any suggestions?  thanks
Hi everyone.Thanks:)
Mom is 86 and has lived in a memory care facility for the past 10 months.  She recently fell and broke her hip.  She was discharged to a rehab facility and is now about to discharged from rehab.  The memory care facility wants us to hire 24/7 aides since they are not able to watch her constantly to insure she uses her walker.  How have others dealt with care post-hip surgery rehab?  Thanks in advance for your suggestions.
I had a brain MRI done because I have some lesions on my brain that were noticed 5 years ago on an MRI (done because of some neuro issues).   I am 53 years old now.  Anyhow, my MRI has been stable with regard to the lesions, however, I just received a copy of my MRI that was done yesterday and I don't understand what it could mean.  It says: 
I am new on here and really need help. My sister and I have shared the care of our mother for three years now who was diagnosed with Alzheimer's four years ago. My sister lives in another state and we each get her for three months at a time, not ideal but the only way we can last at this. My sister's home is one story, mine is two-story. I had a stairlift put in at the beginning of this which mom works just fine. Problem is, now that the Alzheimers has really geared up she thinks her room upstairs is a totally separate place and she is alone. She wakes up in the night confused, gets up in the morning confused and agitated about it. It is emotionally exhausting!!!!
My father is going through the final stages of Alzheimer's. He is now verbally abusive to me. We have been going through this for six years now. I do not want to go visit him in the nursing home which is an assisted living centre in California.  as I know what I will have to deal with. But I go, and some days come home and cry myself to sleep. This is an extremely unfair disease. I don’t know whether he is comfortable over there. Sometimes it's difficult when our loved ones won’t recognize us. Has anyone here been through this? Please share.
Long story.  My dad is currently 75 years old.  Diagnosed with prostate cancer at the age of 73 and treated with radiation therapy.  didn't handle the cancer diagnosis and treatment well.  Got a bladder infection that went untreated, spread to his brain that lead to a 4 month hospital stay, severe depression, and ECT treatment.  This all ended in September of 2014.  It is now about something like this?  I can't find a mental health page so i thought i'd start here.
I don't know where to begin.. We found out mother in law had Alzheimers in 2012...we had been wondering for a few years...this past November we had to place her in assisted living as she kept falling down and would sit all day starring...the first month at assisted living she started to perk up and go play bingo with a group in the home....the last month she has been taken to ER 3x as she says her stomach hurts...this last trip she got very mean with everyone, now thinks everyone out to poison her or harm her, so refuses to eat or take her Meds, visiting nurse went to access her...she refused to let her take her BP....she talks non stop or should say babbles...sometimes can understand words...I am concerned as no eating or drinking will she snap out of this or will this be how she stays refusing everything....
My 85 year old mother lived with my family for 5 years.  The past year she started having some forgetfulness, but was ok staying home while I worked.  This fall on October 19 she complained of a headache.  I had a dr. appointment for her on October 23 and the dr. thought she had a sinus infection.  By Sunday, October 25 she broke out with shingles on her face.  I took her to the emergency room, after diagnosis and pills, I thought things would get better. After a week I realized she was not taking her noon meds, not eating lunch or answering her cell phone. I called Home Health and scheduled a RN, a bath aide, and a PT.  By the end of November I couldn't leave her alone.  She wouldn't and couldn't get out of bed by herself.  I had to sleep on the sofa bed because she called for me in the middle of the night.  I had to go back to work and made the decision to put her in a nursing home.  She seemed to understand I couldn't take care of her.  She was losing memory terrible. She has been in a wheelchair since 2008 and has atrophy in her legs. She has severe osteoporosis and had 8 fractured vertebrae in her back since 1998.   She weighed 110 in October  and lost 14 lbs in a month. She didn't want to eat and refused to take her vitamins and supplements.  December 1 I put her in a nursing home where she is on hospice.  I was thinking it wouldn't be long before she would pass.  She always told me she didn't want to live the way she now is living.  It is so sad.  She wants to come home, but I can't take care of her.  It takes two people to pick her up out of bed, to the commode and to the wheelchair.  She can not carry a conversation.  Doesn't remember much.  She asks me how she can get better and I tell her the truth.  There are no doctors that can make her better.  Jesus is the great healer and I gave her permission to go to Jesus.  I gave her Tylenol for pain, but it wasn't enough.  So Hospice nurses got the order for morphine.  She says she is constantly in pain and they don't do anything aboutDealing with arthritis, osteoporosis and tennis elbow right now.
Hi guys. calcium and vitamin d, slow FE
From the Spirochaetal Alzheimer's Association (SAA) - highly significant research findings furher implicating bacteria in Alzheimer's disease....https://spirodementia.wordpress.com/drexel-university-team-duplicate-dr-alan-macdonalds-findings-of-bacterial-biofilms-in-alzheimers-plaques/
Hello&quot;And in time ...this to shall pas
I am a student working on a project that deals with a tracking and medical monitoring of Alzheimer's patients. I am wondering if anyone has heard of such a product and/or if you think it would be useful and beneficial, or intrusive and unethical. The device can track location while monitoring blood pressure, heart rate, and if a person has fallen. The device automatically notifies emergency personnel if the user is in danger. Any feedback would be graetly appreciated. Thank you.What do you think about this device?
My dad was put in a dementia care facility a week ago when my mom went on a cruise,  Everyday he asks us to take him home.  We want to bring him to his lake cabin for the weekend but the facility is discouraging us because it might set him back.  They have been giving him Lorazepam 3 times /day and as needed.  They say to us it will get better.  He pretty much takes care of himself, very healthy guy other than alzheimers.  We are not concerned at all about us not being able to take care of him outside of the facility.  They also have in so many words discouraged our visits.  We are heartbroken!  I just want the best for him.  Is it better to leave him there or take him to the lake?
Hi All, I am new to this forum, I live in Bucharest, Romania. My dad, 77, has been diagnosed with AD last summer (August 2015), after a pulmonary infection with fever. He started to hallucinate and to agitate, my mother was so scared that we scheduled an appointment to a geriatric doctor. After MMSE, his score was 23 from 30. The doctor diagnosed him with AD initial stage and put him on Exelon patches, 9,3 mg. All went well until this May, when he contacted Clostridium Difficile and had again fever and diarrhea with dehydration and started again to hallucinate and to be very agitated. I was in the hospital for infectious disease for 10 days, then he continued treatment at home...after getting a bit well he stopped hallucinating; after 2 months he had a relapse and again hallucinations and agitation. After 4 days again in the hospital, now he seems to be stable, but very weak. He has been now evaluated and he is AD stage 2 - mild to moderate. He is taking now also Ebixa 2/day and Depakine 1 in the evening. I don't know what to think, is this Alzheimer's or another type of dementia? He is confused and hallucinates only when sick with an infection (fever). Did someone on this forum experienced this situation with his/her loved one? I would very much appreciate your feedback, I am very worried and stressed and love my father very much. Thank you, guys. Anca
I found this very short article this morning (posted after Gene Wilder's death from Alzheimer's) that explains what dying from complications due to Alzheimer's means.  My father's complications, like several of the ones mentioned in the article, caused his death before his memory had completely faded:[http://www.livescience.com/55925-gene-wilder-alzheimers-death.html]
Recent posted studies on F1000 ( http://f1000research.com/search?q=alan%20Have any patients here responded to antiparasite medications?
Is there a link between seizures and alzheimers? I really believe my mom is having seizures and going into psychotic states and that it's part of her alzheimers.Thank you and thank you for letting me vent, it's been frustrating.
My Dad, who was patriarch of our family for many many years - has loved us all well - has provided for many of us -  has had Alzheimers for 3 years, and he has good days and bad days.  Short term memory not great, but long term good.  He was ill and hospitalized, placed on hospice and was sent home to die.  But he didn't die.  At this point Mom, whom he married over 50 years ago, who is in 'fair' health, decided she could no longer care for him and placed him in a Memory Care Facility.  She sees him a few times a week and my siblings and I often visit as we can.  He probably gets an average of 1 visit per day from someone - perhaps there have been a few days with no visits.  He has been in memory care for a month.  But he realizes he was put out of the home and is very hurt and he wants action.  He tried to get to Mom, but she won't flench.  Feels more like a divorce to me.  She is just done, just short visits in which he usually ruins it by worrying aboutHe is probably mid stage Alzheimers.
Hi,
There has been a study released saying Mefenamic acid cures alzheimers disease in mice. Has anyone here tried this drug?I would like to find out a way to get this and try it. Of course, no doctor would prescribe this for me.
I am 57, I watched my mom die of Alzheimers 13 years ago at 85. Brian
Hi all,3. You will then be directed to provide for consent in the PGP-Lumosity study
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4221920/ this study-reversing issues.
Mum has Alzheimer's. Am I annoyed and angry because she says things that are not true and talks behind my back even though I'm the one that is her main carer? Or am I angry that a once strong, independent beautiful woman who had amazing hands, cooking and making beautiful gowns now wets herself and tries to blame the dog? Anger, hatred, confusion, can't find the keys, loses her clothes, leaves food in the fridge for weeks and just walks around the house not know what she is looking for?  Saying stupid things that just don't make sense, walking outside 20 times a day just to see if my car is there which means I'm home.  Her fear, confusion, anxiety. How can it stop?  It can't stop. It will only get worse. Deep, deep in my hurt and damaged soul I have  a light that is still there, it's still alive, that is where it flickers, it will never die, it's just a flicker but it's still there. That is where my strength is.
This looks very promising for proactive treatment of Alzheimer’s in the future.  Not sure how much is okay to paste in so I will leave link too.Co-senior study investigator Keith Black, M.D., chair of Cedars-Sinai's department of neurosurgery and director of the Maxine Dunitz Neurosurgical Institute stated: &quot;Our hope is that eventually the investigational eye scan will be used as a screening device to detect the disease early enough to intervene and change the course of the disorder with medications and lifestyle changes.&quot;
I've never posted on this board before but I am on several other boards on HW.
Hello, Everyone.  I am new to Healing Well.  My wife is approaching end stage early onset Alzheimer's.  I am her sole caregiver.  She was first diagnosed in October, 2010.  I also am caregiver for my 18 year old autistic son.  I welcome this forum.
In the evenings, my wife sits on the side of the bed facing away from the TV.  Is she listening to the TV or just zoning out?.  She does not speak.
My wife with end stage Alzheimer's takes short breaths all day.  She also keeps her eyes almost shut all day.  What is up with her?Steve
I go and see my mom every night at the nursing home In the past 3 or 4 days she has been screaming and crying when I leave She has severe dementia How should I handle this and should I keep going and see her every night?Thank you
My neighbor has Alzheimer’s but still drives his car. This last year he wrecked the tires on his SUV by driving around a rocky vacant lot which he owned. His explanation is that he was trying to cut down the weeds. Another time he stopped his car in the middle of the road, and seemed rather sheepish when asked what he was doing. He drove on home. So what’s your thoughts? What should I do?
Hello, I am new to this forum.  First, I am amazed by the courage you all have!  Second I wish to lean on you for support and guidance.  If it is a reactivation of Lyme I don’t have $ for a llmd.  I do have good insurance though.  Does anyone know of a good dr. that takes insurance in se Wi?
New here, and looking for some opinions, and possible direction. My father who is now 80 is dealing with Alzheimers, he is in perfect health otherwise. He lives in North Eastern WI., and still thinks he is independent enough to tool around the back roads. Anyone familiar with the weather extremes up north know that this is not a good thing. Getting lost, confused, and pulling over to walk can be very dangerous, especially in the winter. His wife is doing the best she can, but it is becoming apparent that long term facility care will be required in the next year or so. I live far from them, and I hate myself for not being there to help with his care. All I can hope to do is make sure he is in a safe place when his wife can no longer provide him with the care he will require.I am specifically looking for long term care insurance that will allow him to be in a safe space as he progresses. I am by no means wealthy, nor is his wife. Together we are hoping to pool our resources, and be proactive with his long term needs. He is a veteran, and has the usual health insurance through medicare, and supplements.
Hi, there!   New to this recent life experience...
My dad is 85 years old and has vascular dementia. In January we had to move him to a home because my mom could no longer take care of him. I live in the US and they live in South America. Has anyone experience something like this? Thanks.
Greetings from Lubbock,Texas.&nbsp; This is my first post and I really don't know where to start.&nbsp; My Mother is in the first stage of Alzheimer's disease.&nbsp; My Dad is her primary caregiver and he recently had to put her in a locked facility because of her aggression,&nbsp;hostility, and the&nbsp;&nbsp;fact that she has started wondering away from their home.&nbsp; The cost is really more than he can afford and then yesterday he got a bill for $900.00 (fifteen days of medicine).&nbsp; There is no way he can afford this expense.&nbsp; How do you cope with the expense????&nbsp; He is not a wealthy man and worries that he won't be able to handle the expense.&nbsp; He is 75 and my Mom is 74.&nbsp; He is not in good health, having had two heart bypass&nbsp;surgeries and a pacemaker. &nbsp;I would appreciate any suggestions &nbsp;that any of you might have.&nbsp; 
Hi, we live in Canada and my father-in-law who shared our home has Alzheimer's.  He also happens to be a veteran and all his medication, extra home-care support, wheel-chairs, etc. are all covered by the vets affairs.  Were lucky, because the pills for Alzheimer's alone cost about 5$ a day, and they help him a lot.  Unfortuneately, the stress of looking after him has takin a toll on the family.  My kids are afraid of him sometimes, as he is starting to become demanding and aggressive.

Welcome to the board. I've got a question for you. How you stay coherent enough to remember to check to boards? I'm not making fun. My grandfather was recently diagnosed with AD and he can't even dress himself. He knows who people are most of the time, but he also sees imaginary people all the time. Sometimes he thinks he and my grandmother are divorced (they've been married for 59 years). I know he definitely would not be able to even figure out how to turn a computer on.

Dear Lynne, thanks so much for joining us.&nbsp; Your so young to have AD.&nbsp; I'm not a nurse, but clean in a&nbsp; home for intermediate care.&nbsp; I also had a Grandma with AD and live with my father-in-law (85) with AD.&nbsp; I forgot how young this disease can effect people.&nbsp; Do you know your life expectancy?&nbsp; Don't mean to sound rude, just curious.&nbsp; My father-in-law is taking Exelon.&nbsp; This had made a huge improvement and delayed the progress for 2 yrs almost.


I didn't mean to offend. I know it's a physical disease of the brain. But it affects people mentally. They can't remember stuff and they see things that aren't there. At least that's what it's doing to my grandfather. It's not mental like multiple personalities or schizophrenia. I didn't mean that. I just couldn't stand knowing that I was doing things that normally would embarass me (like seeing people that aren't really there). That being said, I don't blame anyone for it. I know you did nothing to get this disease, just as I did nothing to get Crohn's. You didn't ask for it and you can't do anything about it. I was just saying that you are very brave for dealing with it so well. I'm sorry if it came out the wrong way.
You didn't offend me Chris..But there are people who think It's a mental disease.You're right We didn't cause this,we can't fix it!We learn to live with what we've been dealt with,& go on.............
I understand Crohn's.I took care of a man with it.It's rough to say the least.I never allow negative people in my life,they don't understand,refuse to learn,so out they go.The stress is too much for me to handle since STRESS is the worst for anyone with AD.Arguing,pushing,yelling this type thing can cause the person to be worse at that particular time.I ususally clam up,go watch tv or read,just be alone,then after wahile I'm fine again....
No,of course you're not a bad person! Does your husband help with his care?When I first started out working it used to embarrass me terribly to clean up a man,but i got used to it,it just takes time,but it needs to be done so the skin doesn't break down,& then sores start..........
I love to chat,though it tires me out more some days than others.
Lost:&nbsp; Grampa's cane and now hat, for the 5th time this week.&nbsp; How long does this stage last?&nbsp; Its already been a yr or so but getting worse.&nbsp; Good news, the cane is in his hand.&nbsp; 
Hey! Good humor means a good attitude...........


My grandpa has alzheimers disease. Every time I see him it gets a little worse. The hardest part is watching the effect it has on his mental health. He knows that he keeps getting a little worse. He can't put his sentences together which makes him embarassed to communicate. He often asks if someone could give him a brain. My grandpa is the greatest man in the world kind, caring, generous, and wonderful in every way. I sit back and watch this HORRIBLE thing begin to take over. I feel so helpless. I am supportive in every way but I just I could make it stop. I try not to think about this to much becasue I break down every time.
Please let me know if I am doing this correctly.&nbsp; It is hard to imagine, but I am a retired teacher who has never posted to a chat room.&nbsp; I have an 82 year old mother who has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's for about 5 years.&nbsp; I am finding it very difficult to deal with the continual deterioration that I see almost daily.&nbsp; The guilt is also difficult to handle.&nbsp; Have I done the best for her (she now lives in a nursing home)?&nbsp; Is there something more I could be doing to help her and keep her from getting worse.&nbsp; Any ideas or suggestions would be very welcome.
I remember the frustration watching my grandfather slowly go downhill. MY grandmother and Aunt took care of him for as long as they could. We took him to an adult day care for awhile to give them a break and it was a nice thing for them both. We did put him in a nurseing home 2 years ago. He is now tied in a wheel chair. I use to think that was awful but I also thought seeing him fall trying to climb things or just fall walking was not so great either. he doesn't seem to mind. 
All of these posts bring back the memories of when my parents were suffering with Alzheimer's.  It is a dreadful disease.   I went to Alzheimer's support group meeting for quite a while and found it to be really helpful.  They gave out printed materials with tips for caring for the patient.  They also gave a lot of advice and insight. You could ask questions and you could share your pain with others who were going thru the same thing.  I would highly reccommend the meetings.
Just me,& anyone else.Will your Insurance pay for Reminyl??My ins.pays for my AD meds.He will go down hill faster not being on any meds.at all.......

Here's a great resource website for all aspects of Alzheimer's:
Hi, everyone:For-get-me-not
Hi, Paul:Hope to hear from you again, Paul.  Sincerely, Lorna. (Forget-me-not)
Some of you may remember me coming on here and asking a few questions about my grandfather who was dx with Alzheimer's a few months ago. Well, he passed away last week. He fell and broke his hip and had a partial hip replacement 2 months ago. He had a hard time coming out of the anesthesia, developed pneumonia, then got a staph infection. Just when we thought he was getting well enough to come home (they already had the hospital bed in the house), he died. Thanks for the support I got here and I hope they find a cure soon. He's in a better place now.
Hi, Stephanie:  I read your post today, and wanted to tell you how sorry I was to hear about your Grandfather's passing.P.S.  I chose the screen name Forget-me-not, because it is the flower symbol for the Alzheimers Society here.  It is sad and ironic because my Mom has forgotten me.
hi guys.. im new over here.. im really in the d.i.d. board but i came over to say hi..
What do you mean life didnt have good things in store for her? She had you didn't she? ;o)
Hello everyone, I would like to know what type of Doctor one should take a loved one to for a check for alzheimers.&nbsp; Thank you very much.
Hello everyone, I am new here and my mom has alzheimer's. I am the only one in the family that cares for her. She is still able to live alone, but only because her neighbors upstairs check on her like family. I have seen a rapid decline in her as of late. Although she does not wander, there is little that she can do for herself. She can no longer cook or wash, and sometimes mixes up the shampoo and conditioner.  Just this weekend she wanted me to see her caller-ID to ask me how she was going to PAY that phone bill???? She just could no longer understand what it is used for.  I do everything as I said, and it is becoming harder and harder as I am on disability for Lupus and a host of other autoimmune diseases. She is not ready for a nursing home..but not far from that if anyone here understands what I mean. She has enough of her mind to know that things are not right.....I hate this illness, and I do the best I can. WHAT are the stages...DO they go from one to another rapidly?? HOW do you get others in the family to do even the little things.  I take care of all of her bills, and shopping, doctors, and anything unusual that comes up.  I have kept her at my home for as much as 2wks at a time trying to heal leg wounds.  You would think my sister would be MORE interested in helping as my mom was a loving mother and deserves nothing but the best. I do all pick ups of her medication as she as COPD as well.  I did hire her neighbors to administer her meds, as I was not able to keep up the pace of driving there 2x a day..NOW she cannot figure out how to open the cans of ensure.  I make her sandwiches and bring them 3x a week, and I order her out her favorite foods. Sorry to make this so long.  Right now I have all the care AT home that I can get for her, but I am afraid of what is to come. I appreicate any communication here and support.  Really..MANY thanks in advance!!!!Hope
I havn't had full blown anxiety attack for awhile but these little things keep really bugging me and i was jus wondering if ne1 else has experienced something similar or whether its jus me not the anxiety.

A lot of it is familiar to me as well. I hate the way the mood just goes from happy to scared so quickly.
YUP. Sounds like many of us.HAng in.
I think we have to live in the moment 

 
Hi All:
Yes when I am really anxious I will get that tingling.  I think mine is because I kind of hyper ventilate and it gives me the tingling sensation.  I don't believe it is anything to be concerned with.  Good luck!Been living with Crohn's Disease for 33 years. Currently on Asacol, Prilosec, Estrace, Prinivil, Diltiazem, Percoset prn for pain, Zofran, Phenergan, Probiotics, and Calcium and Xanax as needed. Resections in 2002 and 2005. Also diagnosed with Fibromyalgia and Osteoarthritis and Anxiety. Currently my Crohns is in remission.

I have this same issue it feels like my scalp is numb and it sometimes goes all the way down to the right side of my face it really scared me the first time I felt it. Its weird how Anxiety can cause so many physical issues.
Aries8 - Thanks for your advice.
i know a severe sunburn can cause chills, fever, etc but i just got a farmer's sunburn and my neck is sunburned and i have been freezing all night!  i am usually cold but it is 74 in my house!!  ever happened to anyone?  i was sick a few days ago with a stomach virus and now i'm concerned i'm not completely over it.  my stomach feels fine but why am i sooo cold?  maybe it's just the sunburn with not enough rest since i was sick on thursday.  i went work on friday and to the zoo today when i should have been home resting.  weird my 4 yr old didn't get sunburned!  i will always apply sunscreen now.  i can't believe i forgot to put on him.  can a mild sunburn cause chills though or for you to feel cold and have goosebumps?  hmmmm
I'm not sure if this is the right section but i figured people familiar with anxiety problems might be familiar with some solutions.

It would be great if you could just take a pill and get that immediate relief.  But by exploring why you cry (looking for themes for instance) you may be able to cry less often or move towards crying in more social appropriate moments.  For instance, instead of crying in front of your boss you can hold off until you get in your car or get home.  Medication might be more appropriate if you're also dealing with depression, which could certainly lead towards a person crying.Therapy might not solve things right away, but the sooner you start the sooner you'll see results.
I truly understand.  I have suffered with &quot;situational crying&quot; all my life.  I have never met anyone who understands.  I am normally a very happy person.  I cry as hard on a happy occasion eg. weddings, as sad occasions eg. saying goodbye.  It took me a long time to figure out that it happens anytime love is expressed.  I was raised with 4 brothers, whose sign of affection was a punch in the arm.  Our family never hugs or tells each other we love them.  I always thought &quot;I love you&quot; was assumed and never needed to be said.  When I was really young, I would make excuses for my tears.  My earliest memory is when I saw my Mom hug her Dad.  I blamed my tears on a stomach ache.  When a relative would leave, I would walk around the block until they were gone so I didn't have to say goodbye.  I am 56 years old and still can't say goodbye.  Once I started falling in love, I could not return an &quot;I love you&quot; much to my partners disappointed.  It took me a long time to learn how to say it and to this day, only tell my husband and nobody else.  I have struggled thru weddings, funerals, goodbyes, hellos.  Once I lose my composure, I'm done.  My crying heavy lasts until I remove myself from the situation.  I develop so much acid in my stomach that I have been sick to my stomach and very nauseous.  My face goes beet red and so hot.  It is totalling exhausting.  I have tried many medications, psychiatry, hypnotherapy, acupuncture and nothing helps.  My best and only solution is avoidance so I am missing weddings, funerals, goodbyes etc.  Can you imagine - I never got married because I would never get thru it?  What am I going to do the day I lose my parents etc?  I couldn't be at my partners side when he lost his parents, making me look like I don't care. The complete opposite is true - I care so much. I have even written the Mayo clinic to ask about researching my brain's emotional centre for a solution.  It is obviously a chemical imbalance.  Life is passing me by.  I WANT to be there!!!!!  I get so mad when I break down and miss these precious occasions.  It's like my inside doesn't match my outside.  Am I making sense?  Does anyone understand?  Do you have any solution?  It would change my life!
Just read your post LAS68.  I have seen many operations on the brain with probes to help with eating disorders and Parkinsons etc.  I wish they could short circuit my crying issue.  For me, it is definitely a chemical imbalance and is triggered by acts of love and caring.  My situation is so extreme, I would gladly under go such surgery for myself and to help others.  I have never met anyone with my problem, or anyone (even professionals) who even come close to understanding.  I have not tried Propranolol or alprazolam yet.
about a year they went away. Now I feel as if I have a lump in my throat and everytime I swallow food (not liquids) it feels like it gets stuck at the bottom of my throat. I went to an ENT doctor and he did a larynoscopy and he said everything looked perfect so he sent my to do a barium swallow and a modified barium swallow (where they make you eat different foods). Everything came back normal and the speech pathologist said that it is more than likely anxiety due to that fact that I choked 2 months ago. I feel like Im losing my mind. I made a doctors appointment to get put on anxiety medication. Can anxiety really make it feel like food gets stuck in your throat everytime you swallow solids? I have never been through anything like this before. Also she said I could have acid reflux but it didnt show up on the barium swallow so if I did actually have it, it should cause this problem.
I always tell people I am a choke-a-phobic I had two traumatic incidents when I was a kid and everything that goes down wrong freaks me out even if I hear people choking I get spooked.
My throat use to feel like it was going to close up completely.&nbsp; Scary!&nbsp; It is definitly an anxiety symptom but is also a symptom of a B1 Thiamine deficency.&nbsp; I use to have a terrible time with muscle tension, back, throat until I started taking B-complex with one extra niacin and one extra thiamine before bed.&nbsp; Cured my insommnia as well.&nbsp; Maybe give it a try, you can get liquid vitamins now or buy tabs and crush them up.
Feeling like food is getting stuck in your throat is also a sx of GERD. You may want to review the following article:
  95% ,if not all relief of my symptoms. I am having one now because this morning been one of those days. When you have troble again try a cough drop and see if it doesn't help. It may sound silly but it gives me temp relief and seems to prevent recurring attacks. Good luck and have a great anxiety free day.
So I randomly started choking on my food.  Only, I wasn't choking, I just got stuck like half way through the swallowing process.  I did some reading and decided it was likely caused by acid reflux.  I got some PPIs and made an ENT appointment.Thank you all for sharing your experience.  I thought I was going crazy.
Hi all, for the past month i have been a wreck. I am 15 and a male, almost 16. I have vertigo, but its not that bad (in the way that i am not getting drop-attacks frequently anymore). I am a hypocondriac (sp?), i now constantly worry about what people think of me, worry if i have any diseases, i have fears of dying, needles, passing out, vomiting. Sometimes my swallowing and breathign become something i have to conciously perform. sometimes i see starts when i sit up from chairs or bed. once in a while my right ear weill ring (same side i got hit in the head with a basketball in 6th grade, which caused Vertigo) I am always sweating, always nervous and jumpy (school bells, people talking really loud, sharp noises).Hunter
when you say "its like im not even in my body", do you mean it feels as if what you are seeing is a dream? Because if so i have the exact same thing and i feel it all day basically especially when i start to really think about it. I also have anxiety, but i brought this symptom up because to me its the worst symptom because i feel like that all the time&nbsp; even when im not having a panic attack. 
Hi everyone ... Does anyone else have a constant floating sensation ... Or when I'm positioned a certain way I feel off balance ... I might as well tell you that I am always tense from anxiety .. on level 1 to 10 of tension stress or anxiety I am a 10.  Could this off balance or chronic floating sensation be some type of damage I've done from tension
Anxiety can cause MANY different physical symptoms, including the &quot;floaty&quot; feeling that we all get sometimes. I'm not a doctor, but i'm fairly sure, because all of your tests came back fine, that this is what's causing your symptoms. I wouldn't worry aboutGAD, Panic Disorder, Depression, PMDD, Fibromyalgia, Perimenopause, Acid Reflux
Hey fox!  It makes my heart race and skip beats
Hi,
Hi, i am new to this and wonder if anybody else is on BEDRANOL 80mg medication for Anxiety, started to get panic attacks etc in 1992 and still suffer the same as i did then is these capsuals doin me any good or are they making things worse?, also i have had citalopram are these any good?.
Tough one, I must say that the one thing that helped me is a program called ***** ****
Hi Kitt, many thanks for your reply, yes i am in Scotland, stopping smoking is going ok doctor gave me Citalopram again and it seems to be working a little better. I have been told that if you have got problems with your thyroid it can cause anxiety is this true ?
i was getting my medicine out of my car and dropped half the bottle on my garage floor.&nbsp; it's not that clean but not filthy either.&nbsp; i have 2 cats.&nbsp; anyway, i picked some up and threw some away.&nbsp; i am wondering whether i should throw them all away.&nbsp; would you?&nbsp; i googled this and there was a post from pharmacists who said that this happens all the time and they pick them back up.&nbsp;&nbsp; omg&nbsp; 
You probably wear shoes in your house....in your garage too. So what difference is it to drop it outside and in the garage? You are basically wearing shoes you wore when you went to the bathroom, kitchen, garden, or shopping mall. And remember that the floor isn't always DRY. I rarely wear shoes inside the house. Stopped wearing them long time ago. Even without shoes, if I dropped something on the floor, I would never pick it up and put it in my mouth....especially if I had animals in the house. That's disgusting.
LOL! You're so funny vestabula. Babies eat everything LOL!
How do I get pass this? -S.W.S
Thanks for the advice! -S.W.S
Billy Bob,&quot; I am thankful for each and everyday I get to spend with my daughter&quot;
Hi people I am a new member and just learned someCan anyone tell me if they have had similar issues and how they deal with it as it is taking control of me ?
~This is a post aboutI hope this helps anyone out there.
Welcome
Hello, thank you again:)
i have done 3 chest xrays 8 ecg 3 echos 9 blood tests and some more tests all are normal the doctors say its anxiety and my mind make these pains.but i still have heartburn and pain on the back it was stop for 2 weeks now is back again.i am afraid that i may have esophagus cancer or lungs cancer.my doctor and the doctors in e.r they say i cant do more x-rays or mri because i will get a cancer from radiation for real!!what can i do to relax and get it out of my mind?would the doctors say lie to me and let me die?i am hypochondriac by the way and dianosed with depression and severe anxiety with panic attacks.should i beleve the doctors and this is all from anxiety?
So the pap was done today, results incoming Monday or Tuesday but they drew some blood, liver looked fantastic, kidneys were okay, said I needed to drink more water and I had low potassium to the point that she had to call me in a prescriptAnyone else have low potassium? I'm not on any diuretics or meds.
SC, I've wondered aboutI definitely could use a better diet, I love salads and things of that nature, love fruit, I just tend to eat whatever is easy or fast.
This just started happening two nights ago. See, whenever I'm about(Sorry if my grammar sucks, it's 2:00 AM and I'm tired.)
can anyone relate? I have upper right calf soreness for around 5 days now. I have had sore muscles the past month im relating to my anxiety because it comes and goes but the calf area is new and i recently started working full time on a computer for the past 5 months. I read that it could be DVT and happen at any age especially people who sit at a computer. Its not swollen or red but just sore. Idk what to do. could it be my anxiety making it worse or just being dehydrated!? can anyone relate?  
Hello everyone,H
I have experienced mild to moderate panic attacks on occasion for close to fifteen years. I have never sought or felt I needed treatment through medication. My attacks were generally racing heart, dizziness, and 'flicker vision' (plus, well, a general feeling of anxiety). These attacks generally only last minutes to perhaps an hour and I have controlled them through simple knowledge of what they are, breathing techniques, etc. And is it common for doctors to flatly deny you xanax for occasional use when it clearly works? I certainly didn't notice any 'high' from it or any urge to take it when not needed, so I'm not sure what the problem is there.
Last month I was prescribed amoxicillin(Penicillin) for a bacterial sinus infection. It didn't take care of my problem, so I saw my doctors assistant last week, and got prescribed cefuroxime axetil (cephalosporin). For financial reasons I wasn't able to get the drug right away. Now that I have it, I'm afraid to take it, in fear of getting Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea.I know my sinusitis is not going to go a way on it own, I had it since February. :/
Well, I spent over a month stressing over going to the eye doctor and when i got there it turned out they told they stopped taking Medicaid insurance a couple of months ago!  No one ever called or wrote to me and it took everything in my power to get in there without having a major meltdown.  Now I have to start from square one and find an ophthamologist who DOES.  I came home feeling so depressed and it quickly escalated into a major anxiety attack!  I know it's not the biggest problem anyone has ever had but when you're as doctor/test phobic as I am, and I had to talk to myself for over a month in order to muster the courage to go, it sure takes the wind out of your sails.  I suppose now that I realize I can at least get my foot in the door of a doctor's office, maybe I'll be in a better place mentally next time around.  Argggggg!!!!
I've been thinking about maybe once a month or so but I want to take something daily just not SSRIs , anyone with suggestions on klonopin.?
Does anyone else that have very vivid dreams sometimes have a hard time 'recovering' when waking up? It's hard to explain..I had a dream last night of my deceased grandma and deceased friend..we were in this cafeteria type place talking, and I really feel like it was like an inbetween world between the living and the dead. The dream in general was pleasant, but after waking up from it I feel very anxious, have some derealization, and kinda feel like I'm not 'fully back' in this world yet...if that makes any sense at all! Does anyone else have any idea of what I mean? lol
Hello friends, I wanted you all to read this about my melatonin experience.&nbsp; First off I take 30mg of Prozac and have for many years for my depression and anxiety, no problems at all except if my dose increases of decreases or a manufacture change. Lately my anxiety and panic attacks have been bad and just an overwhelming feeling of yuckiness.You know the feeling, where you just feel off, my stomach feels funny, shaky tired and it all makes my anxiety worst.&nbsp; Anywho, I have been having some troubles getting to sleep at night or falling asleep yet waking up and not getting back to sleep. I went back to melatonin have used it before with success or at least I thought so? 
Hi everyone,
So, things have been good the past few months so my doctor decided to wean me off my klonopin.  Started last week only taking .5 at night and cutting out my .5 in the morning.  After aboutKlonopin - .5 mg 2x daily
I suffer with agoraphobia and panic attacks, as most know.  I had an appointment with my Psychiatrist on the 5th, and when they took my vitals my blood pressure was 176/97, with a heart rate of 103, so my Dr could tell I was in panic mode for sure.So long story cut short, but not really, does anyone have issues with blood pressure out of the blue?
Hi...GG
Hi! This is my first post - I found this forum while trying to find a cause for the strangest, most annoying and incapacitating sensation I've ever felt.
I realize this is an old posting but if you receive a notification for this, Bobblehead, was this problem ever resolved? Thanks.
Is it common to have a slow heart rate while on lexapro? Mine is at 60, normally 75-93. 88 average lately. This happened while I was first starting up on Zoloft as well, one of the any reasons I stopped it. Both times, then and now, after I eat, I also feel as though my heart is racing/pounding, even though when I checked it was 84 bpm.
just recently had surgery to remove my left kidney. Due to cancer. Lucky it was confined to just that kidney. I thank God everyday. But I have recently been to the hospital twice due to increased heart rate, can't breathe, hands tingles got sweaty. They have twice now ran tons of tests. Ekg. CT scan for pulmonary embolism, chest xray and all kinds of blood test. And everything came back fine besides my white blood cells were high. But that's normal for someone that just had that kind of surgery and I was kind of catching a cold. But again the same thing keeps happening. I find myself saying it can't be anxiety or a panic attack. Something else is wrong. . So now they put me on some meds for anxiety and it seems to work a lttle. I am under control of it while on the meds . But they have now gave me something much stronger and I'm afraid to take it. I don't want to be a zombie. But I dont want to feel like I'm dying either. Please someone tell me I'm not crazy.
I have large breast and being summer I have been battling this itchy red raw rash under the girls. It is driving me nuts. Does anyone get this and what do you do? If it's not&nbsp; one thing it's another.
I went to dentist for a cleaning last week to a doc I normally do not c and he asked if I had seen the sore under my tongue. I replied no and he showed me. I told him it may b a canker sore I always get them. He said watch it I asked why and he said it could b cancer. I have a history of worrying but have been fine the last few years and now this. So I made appointment with my pcp she reassured me it was nothing. Told me it looked like a canker sore that's going away. I told her I had appointment with my dentist for a fill in the 7th and she said that's good, so she can c it as well. Well I didn't wanna wait bc this worrying is making me sick so I got in a couple days after seeing my pcp. While there I had a fill in and she reassured me it was nothing. I felt great leaving there. That was yesterday. Today, looking in my mouth I noticed a white sore that looks like a canker sore on my cheek behind my molar. I am scared, very scared. I wonder how she couldn't of seen it, maybe she did but u would have to move my cheek to c it and idk if she did. Idk what to do, if I am worrying too much but it's making me sick and of course I've researched it for a week and a half now. Please help
I've been on Sertraline for about
I am switching from Lexapro to Zoloft.  Lexapro didn't really help with my anxiety unless I went to 20 mg and on 20 mg I felt like a zombie.  My dr told me I just just stop taking lexapro and go right to zoloft.  She is starting me on 25mg of Zoloft. Within the over 8 weeks I was on Lexapro, I had increased and then decreased my dose, so was at 10 mg and then 5mg for the last 3 days.   Anyone that did this, did you experience withdrawals switching and what time of day did you take it.   Was going to try to go without drugs, but my anxiety is too high.  How were the side effects?Thank you
I could not find my original post to add to so I started a new one. I lost my job last year around March, this year has been really tough. My boyfriend is the only one in the house with a full time job. He takes care of his father who has dementia. We have two roommates who don't work. My boyfriend is non confrontational and let's people walk all over him. My problem is my mom. She won't leave me alone. She blackmails me into going on road trips and doing things with her. She is with me almost everyday and I need my space. I am 26 and she has serious control issues. Everyone who opposes her, she gets on affexor(spelling?). I feel like I am losing my mind trying to deal with her. She takes everything personal, has major trust issues and refuses to see her doctor for anything other than physical problems. She is constantly stressing me out. She uses my joblessness as a way to keep me under her thumb because I have no other choice but to since bills don't stop when you lose your job. She doesn't allow me to show any emotions other than happiness. If I am upset or angry, then her solution is to put me on pills to change my mood. She has to be in everyone's business and can't accept my life choices. Everytime I stand up to her, she threatens me. I wish there was a way to prove that she isn't stable without her knowing. I NEED her out of my life. She is like poison. I really just don't know what to do. I am just trying to find some guidance.Kinoko Torakami
 Tim
I've just in the past couple of years developed a fear of edges when driving or riding in a car. It's when the road turns or I'm going up a hill and cannot see the rest of where the road goes yet. It suddenly fells like I'm on a roller coaster and I'm having anxiety attacks like crazy. Anyone else have this?
I just got a refill for Apo-Sertraline 100 mg and its bright orange capsule.  Is this the colour the pill should be??? I use to have the small yellow 25mg, than 50 now 100.&quot;And in time ...this to shall pas
Do any of you ever experience temple& back of the head headaches ?But other than that no eeg's....etc.
I realize this is not a new topic on this site, but since I am new to it, and many of the posts are back from 2005, I am reaching out to anyone who can share their story about 2 months ago. So far she has lost nothing.  Thank you all for your time.  As someone for whom anxiety has been a regular part of life, I have nothing against meds and salute all of you who have found your solution. In fact, I have suggested zoloft to three very close people in my life, and still would. For me, being this heavy is uncomfortable, depressing, and just not worth it. I was able to talk myself down from my panic attacks, and will gladly choose that route to the 35 pound flabby belly.  Thank you for listening! (This is my first time ever posting to a forum! I already feel better! lol)
Recently when i asked my wife why she is unhappy ..she started blurting out all her feelings and started telling me aboutwhat to do?
Tim Tam... honestly i haven't been fair to her and i have acknowledged that  and its been a few years now ... is looking forward
hello team ...there?...i have one day to go before we met thr counsellor together..any tips
Sorry, I just assumed that you, your wife, daughter and brother in law had gone together.Panic Syndrome recovery due to CBT
daughter is fine...things are the same ..formal talk ..no fights for now...no physical proximity
Hi all  I suffer from Anxiety Depression OCD and panic attacks .. I came across this fisher wallace stimulator that in all honesty looks like early 1900 quack medicine but i have found great reviews and testimonials for it you basically strap on your head twice a day and it gives mild shock to stimulate your brain that is suppose to bring chemicals in brain into balance. It is FDA approved and made in America .  Would like to know if anyone else has seen? If anyone else would consider using? Or has anyone already used?  Thanks for all opinions will help me decide if i buy or not
Hi FolksMedications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg, Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
I have the anxiety condition for awhile ya. I think I get anxiety when I go to the store since doing things there make me anxious. I would not remember what I was going to buy or would not like the feeling of what other people would think of what I am buying though. I am just sad since I don't like having this condition. Does anyone have advice on how to have less anxiety when going to the store. Any advice would be nice. Thanks.
I am a wreck right now because of flu season. I'm extremely paranoid about the flu and on edge. I don't know what to do and I feel like I'm losing it. Please help me think rational. I've been doing so well with my anxiety lately and now I'm back here.
Hello, im new here. I need answers for something. Since about                                                                                                      James
Ever since I have been on my meds I feel so tired like I always just want to crawl into bed and sleep for hours even though I got a good night's sleep. It's been about 6 weeks on the medication haven't I given it enough time?
I got a script for Lexapro, but I'm afraid to try it. Go figure.
Hi everyone, 
Hi, my situation. Im taking Rivotril (Clonazepam) for just 40 days only, and i dont like the feeling of the side effects. Im taking 0.5mg in the morning, 0.5mg in Lunch and 0.5mg in Dinner time. Ok my first 2 weeks i feel fine with that but after 2 weeks, i feel that im getting some not good side effects, like shortness of breath and have difficulty of concentrating. So my family decided to look for another Psych to help to taper properly. We are planning alternative way and will undergo Psychotherapy, My new Psych told me that i can lower that to 0.5 mg at night only BUT he gave me an antidepressant/antianxiety drugs to help me. Which he said is not addictive and no withdrawal effect, he said i can stop that anytime. But we decided not to follow his proposals, and we do our on way. Currently, im succesfull of not taking 0.5mg in the morning on the first 9 days, im just taking 0.5 in lunch and in dinner. Now, im in 2 days of tapering the 0.5 mg to 0.25mg. With some minor withdrawal effect but managable. Im planning it to continue it this week. But right now, im looking for some of your advice on how long do i need to taper it and percentage of reducing it. Do a 40 days user of Benzo will need to follow the same period of time tapering of other benzo users for more than 5 yrs? Thanks in Advance
Good afternoon, I am new to this forum and this is my first posting.CC
Okay so first off I really need some good news because I have been miserable. I got off Lexapro for about 6 weeks because I didn’t think it was helping. I also had it in my head that I didn’t want to be on medicine. Well at 6 weeks I was having horrible anxiety attacks. I have health anxiety and if anything felt weird or my stomach hurt I went into panic. So I talked to the doc and she put me on Zoloft 25mg. I was fine for the first couple of days and then my anxiety skyrocketed to where no medication could bring me down and then I uppped the dose and when into a panic that wasn’t manageable. My doc told me to stop it immediately. After two weeks the anxiety was so bad that I asked to go back on Lexapro. I started 5 mg every other day for 3 days. I took it at night on Monday the next day was horrible with anxiety I couldn’t control. So I stayed home on Tuesday. Took pill Wednesday and felt a little better and was able to work. But Thursday was awful and then Friday was bad. I started taking it everyday after that. Saturday and Sunday were rough but Monday Tuesday and Wednesday were great. I upped the dose again to 10mg on Thursday. I was great Thursday Friday Saturday and Sunday in the 10 mg. But on Monday the anxiety started spiking again. Is this normal? And when will I feel normal???
Hi there. I am 42 with a 30 yr history of anxiety. Im on Effexor 150 mg and Xanax .5mg as needed. ive been having some medical concerns lately which has increased my anxiety. for the past few months I have been very tired, depressed, brain fog (well this has been going on for years), my menstrual cycle has changed the past few years and have gotten heavier, ive also bee n very cold. so I was thinking pre-menopause. went to the dr and she ran bloodwork and ordered a thyroid u/s and a pelvic u/s as well as a sleep study. bloodwork came back normal. and I had the ultrasounds on Monday. today was my drs apt and I was having a lot of anxiety. I woke up this morning panicking and abut 30 min later my nose began to bleed. it was BAD. it bled for about sinus cancer but ive recently seen the ENT and had the CT so he would've seen that right? and then im thinking brain tumor and I think im just overthinking everything and I just cant calm down. I just wish Id never gotten that nosebleed today. if I hadn't have I would've felt so much better I think. I just feel tired and weak and shaky and out of it. anyway id appreciate it if someone could talk to me. thank you.
Hi, Can anyone please help me understand, why can i see my heart's beating rhyme when i place my cell phone on my stomach because when i breath i can see my cell phone vibranting with my heartbeats.Is there anyone who can help me. I don't wanna goto doctor again.
Hi, thanks for letting me be part of the board.  I've read some post and have already learned a few things.I really, really do want to feel better, though.  I'm missing out on life and I hate that.
I am hoping members of the forum can provide me with some insight on Paxil?  Specifically, I have been prescribed 10mg daily by my P-Doc for anxiety/depression.  This is the first time i have taken medication and have reservations to say the least aboutCC
Guess I’m just looking for a pitty party and my family is tired of hearing it. I have very severe health anxiety (mostly cancer). The worse part is I am too terrified to go to a doctor because I’m 100% positive he will tell me I have weeks to live. I know the answer is too man up and go but fear won’t allow me. I know if I do have cancer the sooner you go the better the chance but again fear won’t allow me. I know my family don’t deserve too have to live with me like this but again fear takes over.The examples of how bad it is are embarising but I want to share them to see if there is anybody else as bad off. I’ve had this probably since around the year 2000. In 2010 I was in a bad car accident and crushed 3 vertabraes along with many other injuries. Spent a couple weeks in the hospital. My cancer anxiety was so bad when I was laying in the street immediately after the accident i wasn’t worried on why I could barely move my body or worried about it. Like I said before I already know the answers I’m fixing to get. I hear them from my family daily. I know the right thing to do but when I’m 100% convinced the doctor is going to tell me I have terminal cancer I just can’t go.
Just wondering about this in regard to medications that address these conditions, and how to know which is which. They seem related, as one can cause the other.  I have posted here a few times as I have wrestled with mostly what has been anxiety over a resurfaced health issue.  I have klonopin now for short term use along with a bit of adderall due to the brain fog I have now.  I am starting to sort out the physical portion versus the mental portion after having been on vacation this past week.  I pushed through a lot of my vacation and did all the activities we had planned months ago.  I felt off much of the time, but did these activities anyway not wanting to miss out, and not be with my family.  Today I feel more anxious and depressed than I thought I would.  I guess looking back and not enjoying the vacation as much as I would have liked has me really bummed out.....I cried in the car over my lunch hour just wishing I could have been in a state to enjoy things better.  I still did them, but had to fake things to get through.  Medication helped of course, but really feeling sad now which leads to the anxious feelings.  I guess I need to accept a new normal for now which is hard.  I almost feel that this initial anxiety is slipping into depression.  Wondering if anyone has some comments on that.  Thanks again.
the inside of my ears have been bothering me and I keep trying to scratch them. now the inside of my left ear actually hurts and both ears now feel like they are burning. the more I think about it the more I get the feeling. this has to be anxiety right? god I just want to feel &quot;normal&quot; again.
Hi Folks.Medications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg, Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
Hello Everyone,What does everyone think?
Hi all,Thanks
HI everyone, since last week Wednesday I have had these symptoms. I have had thin stringy stool that is mucusy and floats (sorry for the TMI) I woke up Wednesday with pain in my lower abdomen just to the right of my belly button. It went away for the rest of the day until the evening when I got up from the chair and there it was again. Same pain. I got up and sat down a couple of times, kept feeling it. I can pinpoint it exactly! AND ITS STILL HERE!!! Everytime I get up ,sit down, cough, its there along with my change in bowels. ALso I would like to mention for the first time very on BC i got my period early. So now I am worried its ovarian cancer....IM PRETTY SURE IT IS. IM SO SO SCARED&lt; has anyone had this pain before? Cansomeone relate?
Hey, I’m new here. Stumbled upon this site while googling my symptoms for the millionth time. I have anxiety and it’s been pretty bad for the last month. I haven’t been sleeping and have started clenching my jaw/grinding my teeth at night. This has lead to severe jaw and head pressure 24/7. My question is... can anxiety cause head pressure, sometimes it’s so bad I feel like mynhead is going to explode. It’s worse when I bend over and I can no longer work out. If anxiety is the cause, what can I do to relieve the pressure? Doctor gave me a muscle relaxer and some Ativan for the week until I get my bloodwork results back on Friday. Thank you all and I’m so glad I found this site.
Hi all,
Sorry I know this is another post on the same topic, but please help me through waht I might have.I have this abdominal pain (like something poking me) when I sit down, cough or stand up. When I am at rest I do not feel it. BUt when I stand I feel this balloon (I don't know how to explain it, all around my abdomen, hips and back.)...Its bothering me alot, the area is also tender. Has anyone had this before? My bowels are also, loose and they float (I think that means something bad going on).... I don't know please help me I am scared to death.
Anyone with sleep anxiety please tell me what meds you're taking and if they work. Thanks!
My throat feels like its closing up ..it comes on suddenly, I panic,I have to keep swallowing .anyone else have throat issues with anxiety
my panic is getting worse and worse. today my heart is racing and Im very shaky and I feel completely detached. like im not real. I cant seem to calm down. I started taking prednisone on sun for my ear infection. I last took a pill around noon. but its been almost 12 hours later and im having this. is it from withdrawal? I HATE steroids. I used to take 2mg a day daily for 2 years. this am I took 10mg but nothing since. im getting this weird floating feeling with my legs. ive also had tightness around my head and my neck muscles hurt. I have my sons friends over right now and im trying to be normal but my chest is burning and I don't know what to do.
I had my appointment this morning with my psychiatrist, and after going over where I am at these days she prescribed me Effexor.  I have not had luck on either zoloft or citalopram in the past, so she decided to try something in a different class.  Her opinion is that we need to treat the anxiety more than the depression, as that is causing depression which I mostly agree with.  So.........naturally I am a bit nervous about starting something new, but know I need something to help me stabilize.  Obviously these medications can have vastly different effects on people, but curious what anyone out there will experience on this medication has to say.  Thank you in advance!
I recently had a check up which included blood work.  My Dr. called and said I was really low on Vit. D.  I'm taking a prescriptI've read that many people are low, something like 75% are at least a little low.  Anyway, it might be worth looking it up and getting the blood work done if it's something you feel could be a problem.
Hello everyone! the experiences of others here.
Game đánh bài đổi thưởng uy tín
 
So tomorrow I flight to South America.. I am going to see my parents. I am so anxious.. my back hurts so much. I had a physical exam last week and everything looks fine and all blood work is normal but I keep feeling that I am going to drop dead... I do really try to have a positive attitude but days like this make me feel so defeated.
Anyone here ever take Ambien. Tonight will be my first time. If so what were your experiences with it.
Was given propranolol to take before bed. Worried cause side effect is insomnia??Ru guys on any other beta blockers.
So I told my doctor after I gave birth that my anxiety felt like it was trying to come back like it use to be before I was on 50mg of zoloft so she opted the dose to 75mg I started taking it a couple of days ago and I feel terrible  like I have racing thoughts and ALL . I really want to come off this pill do you all think I should stay on 50mg.
Hi,CC
It has been awhile. I am just needing an outlet this evening, where I will not be told that I am being irrational, or to just breathe, or that it is all in my head. All of those things are true - I just do not need to hear them.I am fine. I will be fine.
Hi. I’m new to this forum and hoping someone can help me. I have been having extreme anxiety for the past 6-8 weeks. Started Lexapro 10mg 17 days ago. 2 weeks on 10mg and increased to 15mg for 4 days. Today I feel AWFUL. No appetite at all, nausea, shaky, increased anxiety. What is going on??! Do I need to go back to 10mg? I can’t tolerate this. I kinda felt like this when I first started Lex 2 weeks ago but it lightened up some till now. Help please?! 
Thank u so much for both of the replies. It really helps to hear others opinions. Also makes me feel better to know it can take a while for Lex to work and all hope is not lost after 3 weeks that it isn’t working yet. It’s weird, I’ll have days where it’s a bit better then I have horrible days for the whole day. Makes me wonder if it’s worth taking any meds. Thanks so much for the responses again. I’ll try and push they with the hope I feel like me again soon.
Hi FolksMedications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg, Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
Hi, I started Zoloft at 25mg in December and was starting to feel some subtle relief. I felt REALLY good around week 6-8 and then took a dip. I decided to up my dose to 50mg on March 5th. I initially felt no side effects. Now for the past two weeks I've been getting night sweats, stomach trouble and I completely missed my period. I feel like its going to even itself out, but I am concerned. Its been 5 weeks since my increase and I was feeling good. Now, out of nowhere since yesterday I have felt very low and just off. I am not sure what to do. I don't know if I need to do nothing and just see what happens over time, if I need to up my dose, or if I need to find another med. Part of me feels like I need to just keep with it and wait for this feeling to pass. Literally two days ago I was feeling pretty good so I am just a little confused. If anyone has any experiences like this, please let me know.
I know I can fight this, the power of the brain is very strong and i know I am in control. I am the boss of my body, and life will throw all these things at you, but thats what life's about
Sorry to be posting so much lately, but really having a tough go of it with the medications that have been prescribed to me lately.  I am on day 4 of effexor, and am so disconnected from reality that I don't feel comfortable driving today which kind of scares me.  Too spaced out and numb to anything.  I know that your body needs an adjustment period, but I can't continue like this too much longer.....almost feel like I am close to breaking down.  I have had 3 concussions in the past, the last one back in 2000.  Almost makes me wonder if that is why I have such reactions to such small doses of medications.  Right now I am on only 37.5 of effexor and the impact of the side effects is really strong for such a small dose.  Just trying to keep my head straight as this is really a struggle.  I actually felt better before starting this being on adderall/klonopin.  Better being a relative term of course.  Thoughts?I don't want to bail too early on this either, as I know folks have gone through a tough adjustment period only to find substantial relief!
Hi All. New here and was prescribed Lexapro 10mg for Anxiety this morning from my GP. I've been on a laundry list of SSRI's and SNRI's and always had the WORST side effects from them. I'm currently going through a divorce and under major stress at work. Trying to take care of my kid on my own while I struggle financially because my soon to be ex doesn't feel he needs to help. I haven't picked my meds up from the pharmacy yet, but I read my notes from the Dr and it says to just take 10mg every morning. No tittering up, no concerns on sleepiness, so I'm here for some advice. I've read most start at 5mg and go up to 10mg. Should I do that, or just start out with the 10mg dose? Should I expect my anxiety/anger to get worse before this starts working? He refused to prescribe xanax or klonnopin while the Lexapro built up in my system.
My anxiety is in a terrible flare. My anxiety is typically tied to or flared up my a health concern and/or abnormal feeling in my body that leads me to believe, for certain, I am dying. It's a terrible way to live.Anyone have similar symptoms and it only be related to anxiety and not because they are dying? Thanks!
psychiatrist wants me to do a sleep study, but I know I won't sleep? What do I do?Has anyone taken a sleep study, was it easy to sleep.
Just wondering if anyone has experienced this condition.  As some of you know, I took Effexor for 4 days and stopped taking it this past tuesday due to it causing some suicidal thoughts, and making my brain feel pressurized and altered.  Plus a numbing headache that I am still dealing with 2 days after discontinueing.  I still feel really off in the head, more pressure yet in the frontal part around the eyes.  Still feel off balance, and just hard to focus on anything.  In sum, very different than this past Friday which was the day before I started this.  I also take trazadone for sleep, and see that adds to serotonin as well.  I know I am sensitive to medications, and it just seems like such an odd feeling yet.  Also, my psychiatrist did order a genetic test for which luckily is covered by insurance to hopefully match up which drugs will have the best chance of agreeing with me.  Should know that sometime tomorrow.  Will be interested to see where Effexor lands in that spectrum If the test says this is one medication I should be tolerant of I will know the test is not accurate.
Anyone have issues with weaning from one med to another? I am supposed to start weaning from Effexor XR 150 mg to Prozac 20 mg. My dr wants me to take 75mg of Effexor and 10 mg of Prozac together for a week and then the next week take the whole dose of Prozac and stop the Effexor. Im really scared because I missed 1 dose of Effexor once and it was godawful. I hate switching meds. But effexor no longer works. Anyone on Prozac and how does it work?
I have been going through so much anxiety and its not getting better. At all. At first I thought my fatigue and depression was perimenopause. went to dr  who ordered tests. pelvic and thyroid ultrasounds and bloodwork. then the bw came back normal. in the meantime my throat started feeling tight I started having heartburn, I could feel it in my ears like a burning. started with ibs symptoms - afraid of cancer. pelvic came back normal but thyroid showed nodules. have to see more drs. more anxiety now. my ears were itching and sore - felt like ear infections, then my teeth sensitivity started. now getting fitted for a mouth guard. started thinking of my old fear of a brain aneurysm or a brain tumor then the weird pressure feelings started in my head moving from one side to the next. neck tension and shoulders. now I have a heavy feeling on the top of my head with dizziness and shakiness. ears still feel funny. I get headaches and congestion with seasonal allergies and sinus issues - I don't know if that's what it is or anxiety or something way more serious. I went to therapy today for the 1sttime in years but it was all intake background stuff. I feel so out of it and depressed. I look at my kids and want to cry. I want to be ok and healthy and happy for them and I cant be. im convinced im going to die. they deserve so much better than this. im crying now and my ears are just throbbing. this is horrible. how do I stop feeling this way? I just want someone to help me.
Hello HW family!Panic Syndrome recovery due to CBT
Hi all,Sending hugs to everyone here!!!
I am trying to figure out why I feel so anxious and no appetite all the time for the past 8 weeks. I was on SSRIs for the past 14 years without problems except the usual burn out and needing to increase or switch meds. This past July my Dr started me on Cymbalta 30mg and it was my first try with an SNRI. I felt ok in it except occasional anxious episodes that were situational. I thought maybe the Cymbalta was a bad fit and my Dr put me on Prozac 10mg to wean off Cymbalta. I weaned off in only 5 days and those 5 days were fine. Then 6 days after being completely off Cymbalta I started to have constant anxiety, shaky, no appetite and panic attack at work. I went to Dr and we thought it was the Prozac so we stopped Prozac and started back on old trusty Zoloft that I was on prior to Cymbalta. After 4 weeks on Zoloft  with no reloef from the constant symptoms we decided to try Lexapro 10mg which I have been on for 3 weeks now. Still, no better at all. Extreme morning anxiety, no appetite, shaky, nausea. Thanks
Hi I’m 13 years old, I’ve been doing this since I was around 3 years old. yes it might because I’m stress or anxiety but I try to not I really have but  This is a constant thing I do like ever 2-4 weeks every 2 months and it’s really irritating 😠, I mean i don’t know anymore but I try to use cough drops, hard candy just for me to suck on and not think about it and it still comes I don’t want to seek help and waste my moms money (she doesn’t know) but still it keeps biting at me I don’t know what to do, how do you get rid of this?
Morning.Medications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg, Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
Last night I ended up drinking a lot (6-7 drinks) and woke up at 3:00am with dread and my body shaking. Ive felt this feeling a long time ago before my first depression episode started and I’m really worried I’m getting ready for round two of this ugly beast. Im sitting here with anxiety just dreading over my decisions last night and really wish I came home sober. Im scared and dont know what to do. I haven’t said anything to my wife as I dont want to put that stress on her either. I do currently take antidepressants and xanax when needed(I rarely use this unless im in a situation such as now but im still holding back) Any advice? Im really scared guys. anything. I dont know what to do guys... I made my bed and I will sleep in it but I just dont know if I can handle another round of this depression/anxiety
Hi I’m new but I recently got out of the psychiatric hospital for my anxiety and panic, I have extreme amaxaphobia so they decided to start my medications there. I have been out for a few days now and they have me on klonopin 1mg x2 daily propranolol 60mg 24 hour and also Prozac . They only have me on 10 mg of the Prozac but I’m feeling very spacey lately and that mornings when I take all three are the hardest for me and only at night when I take my klonopin I feel semi normal. I guess what I’m wondering is when will the increased anxiety and side effects from this Prozac go away. Thanks in advance.
Thank you you two for your kind words! And wisdom, turns out an angel was on my side today and somehow I found a psychiatrist that specializes in medication management and anxiety that works entirely over video chat! I can’t believe how lucky I got considering my agoraphobia. Well I have an appointment with her Monday so might just say screw going to the Pdoc and just wait until Monday to see what she says..
Well I made it over the three week mark. So the Fluoxitine should be all out of my system, not sure about a dentist appointment I have today. Haha
 
normal living always involves the risk of feeling stressed and uncomfortablesome refuse to take any advice or to follow CBT recovery methods taught to them because of pride
Hi all,
Hi all,
does anyone else make herbal tea or smoke blends?
I am on 1.5 clonazepam. Tried seroquel, ambien, mirtizapam, OTC, etc. Nothing works, max I get 3hrs.Any experiences please! My doc prescribed temazepam, but my pharmacy wont let me have it since my ambien hasn't run out (so I have to wait 3 wks before I can try it). But adding another benzo is something i dont want to do.
Hi all! I haven’t posted in many weeks. I was doing ok for many weeks then my anxiety came back with vengeance! I feel so defeated! I have an appt tomorrow with my psychiatrist aboutMy boss has a new boss and he’s well....very different. I think just overall stress is causing my anxiety to flare up. I can’t even handle life is what my issue is. I don’t know what other options I have. I even went to a doctors appt the other day and they said my blood pressure was high. I wake up with panic attacks and I just don’t know what else to do. Anyone have their psychiatrist prescribe blood pressure meds? My doctor has never brought it up but I’m going to ask.
I am not sure it was the Xanax making me ill or too many meds or tom. But, I am feeling ok. I didn't do the high dose of Zoloft today did my regular dose and felt ok. Maybe felt could use a boost but also was thinking of maybe breaking up the 25mg pill and doing like half of it with my 100. But then again, I have to be on 25 more mc's before I am on the right dose of thyroid medication. So that could be the boost i need too. I really think the Zoloft is working just not sure I am at the right dose and the problems I was having are normal side effects I have researched. I just don't want them. Ugh.
I am the first to admit I have high anxiety.  I have MS and many other autoimmune diseases.  My husband is extremely sick and I can't deal with being his caregiver.  I will do whatever I can for him, but I am a terrible nurse and I don't feel like I'm helping him.  So, watching him suffer is making a complete wreck out of me.  I keep worrying that I will be so sick I won't be around to take care of him.  Diagnosed with MS 2001.  Fibromyalgia, Graves Disease, IBS, Gastritis, Spondylosis, Degenerative Disc Disease, Sjogrens, Osteoarthritis, Osteoporosis, Tendonitis, Costochondritis.  All the autoimmune diseases are attacking me.  Taking the minimum of medications.
Hello all Its been prob over a year since I've posted but my panic has not gone away. I still struggle with it all the time. lately Ive been getting these heart palpitations that ruin my whole mood and day. I went to the hospital the other week due to an intense panic attack that i just couldn't control…..it was so crazy. I usually get them but this one lasted longer and it was scary. I was at an event with my brother and some other family and he took me outside to try to calm me down and it wasn't working….some ppl working the event saw us and asked if I wanted an ambulance to come and check me out…I said yes so they did and it came. the ems guy was great….super nice and understanding…he thought I should go inside the ambulance and get an EKG done so I went and it came out fine. He calmed me down and said if I wanted to go to the hospital so they can take blood and the whole nine so I did and we went. I was one the heart monater for hours….a long time and even did another EKG everything came back normal besides my thyroid is under active however my T4 hormone is normal so thats a little odd I guess. Anyway now Ill make the proper appointments and get checked out…that is went my insurance switches next month.  Peace and love to all that suffer from this .. we will make!!! Better days are coming!!
Over the last few months I have been forgetting to take zoloft regularly and at one point went about 2 weeks without. And have been inconsistently taking and have been recently expericing worse dizziness and headaches than usual. Trying not to thing the worst but realized I missed yesterday’s dose and when looking up to sky for extended period this morning got extremely dizzy and then panicked. Is this a typical side when zoloft is taken inconsistently or should I be concerned and go for MRI?
I have tried many SSRIs/SNRIs mainly for OCD with a sprinkling of depression.  Most have not been effective.  And the one which was (Zoloft/Sertraline) caused several side effects which caused me to stop taking it.  
Hi all, I am currently going through what has been the worst bout I've ever experienced.
Well, I went over these results with my psychiatrist yesterday and feel so-so aboutAny comments on all of this are so appreciated, thank you!
Hi all,
Hey Healingwell Fam,AK
Hey, I'm 14 years old and have anxiety stemming from a car accident. I go to a therapist for my anxiety, but I don't feel that she is helping, and my anxiety has gotten worse. I don't want to tell my parents, because I don't want to make them go through the trouble of finding me a new therapist. They also don't understand my anxiety, the other day I had an anxiety attack because they forced me to do something that triggers my anxiety. I told them that it triggers my anxiety, but they didn't listen and I had an anxiety attack. They just don't understand. I have really bad anxiety when I'm home alone, my heart races, my hands get really clammy and shake, and my face and chest get really red. It starts as soon as they go out the door. I've had numerous anxiety attacks when I'm home alone within the past couple of weeks, and they keep on happening more often. I've tried magnesium spray, listening to music (it helps a little bit, but not much), and so many other things that haven't worked for me. My parents just don't understand and tell me that being home alone is just &quot;part of growing up,&quot; which I suppose it is, but I panic when I'm home alone and can't get the thought of someone breaking into my house and doing something bad to me, like raping/killing me. I've tried explaining it to my parents, but they just tell me to get used to it and don't think about everything when I'm home alone, and I don't know what to do. My therapist isn't helping with my anxiety, and my parents don't understand what triggers my anxiety even though I keep telling them, but they don't listen. Does anyone have any suggestions that can help me? Anything would help xx
So I have been thinking long and hard about~ Ann Brashares
Hey everyone..Norco
I'm an extremely healthy 44-y-o woman and at my last physical my doctor put my on Prilosec in order to diagnose some intermittent chest pains as heartburn. I immediately had a bad reaction which included pounding heart and shortness of breath. She convinced me it was asthma and I did a steroid inhaler while continuing the Prilosec. The symptoms got worse until I missed a month of work from anxiety. I spent almost a full month in full flight or fight response and bathed in cortisol. During that time I took Zoloft and Xanax which just made me feel worse. I was unable to eat, had constant diarrhea and vomiting and lost 12 pounds. 
I have the anxiety condition for awhile already. I am taking medication for it though it only helps a little ya. The person I go to for the anxiety condition says if I go out to somewhere then I won't be as sad though. I don't really get how that works since when I go out I get more anxiety around other people. Then I get more sad. Can someone give me some advice on this. Thanks.
Morning folks.Medications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg, Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
Hi,thanks for any advice or insight.
I keep checking for my admission for fall but have not received it and it is late. I can't enroll in classes and my financial data  is unavailable. I search and found out on a web page that I needed to take one class at least or I would reapply. I'm nervous and did not know I needed to apply for leave of absence but the date for that was last year for spring. I had my panic attacks three weeks before school starts. I'm doing better and even went walking around the block by myself. I just keep thinking I know I'm not going to be kick out but reapply takes another year. I'm 28, I wanted graduate when I 'm 30.
Hi all,
HiThanks very much!
Hey all! Back again, Seems to be a regular thing for me at the moment!Anyone who has withdrawn from AD's, Id like to hear your thoughts!
After experiencing stress with my husband going in hospital and also my worries about 12.5, and yesterday was good.  I went to gym and felt good.  Then last night insomnia after waking up with higher blood pressure, etc. That is the unsettling part for me, the fluctuations in blood pressure and heart rate mostly at night.  Do you think that I just keep cutting it back slowly?
So I’m trying to wean off Xanax as my husband and I want to conceive. My psychiatrist knows this and still wants me taking my Xanax throughout the day since antidepressants and I don’t mix. Currently I take 1/2 of .25 mg as needed. She would prefer I wait until I’m panic attack free. I don’t know that I will ever get there. Our first and only child I was not suffering panic attacks so there wasn’t any issues. Anyone have experience with panic attacks, pregnancy and weaning off Xanax? I’ve been trying and having more panic attacks which I’m assuming are withdrawal from not taking it. So rather than cold turkey I just took 1/2 a .25mg and I’m gonna try to do that daily then every other day?!
So, in the last year ive developed a sick obsession with checking my pulse and am CONSTANTLY fearing a heart attack or stroke is around the corner. I'm 27 and have always been very active and health conscious with my diet, however i do smoke. A year ago i had a panic attack so bad while working out that i had to go to the ER, and ever since ive been driving myself insane. Pulse checking at least 50 times a day, teriffied to exercise cause im convinced i have a blockage and the exertion will kill me. Any little tinge of pain or discomfort i feel in my arm or neck sends me spiraling into a rabbit hole. Does anyone else feel like they psychosomaticslly create symptoms of heart problems? Im literally losing it here. I cant keep living in fear.
Hey,Is this something familiar to anyone else?
Hi everyone, I’m 21 years old and I am seriously at rock bottom. Whenever I go to the doctor, I have such a bad panic attack that I think I’m going to die and I want to leave. My husband comes with me to the doctor now and doesn’t let me leave because I totally would if he wasn’t there.
Hi all,Thanks
I'm starting cymbalta and wondered if anyone could tell me if it worked for them.   cymbalta I haven't seen anything that really says it's great for anxiety especially if I search meds for anxiety.  It's rarely mentioned.  But, welbutrin almost always is.  It actually sounds like I may take both meds at least for awhile.
Hey everybody, So, I ask ... can anybody relate to an ice cold sensation in the chest? In my case, around the heart/rib cage area. It's as if somebody were holding an ice cube just below the pectoral, around the heart ... or maybe as if ice water were running through veins in that area. And yet, the area, of course, isn't cold to the touch. I'm sure, thinking rationally, that it's my mind playing tricks on me, and yet it keeps getting to me, and when it happens -- usually during or after working out -- I struggle to stop that darn wave of fear.
Hi guys,I have suffered with odd and anxiety since childhood. In march 2017, I suffered from extreme antenatal depression and got on zoloft, but relapsed after the birth of my child. When I got ill, my thoughts became extremely irrational due to my fear of fainting. I think I am going through a bout of medical student syndrome, as I am a licensed psychotherapist. Now, I know that it's very rare to pass out from an anxiety attack bc blood pressure rises, and it needs to decrease in order for this to happen. The problem is that now, having so much knowledge, I wonder if I can pass out from seeing someone be sick, from getting a haircut (if mind interprets it as a needle) from a blood test, etc. The thoughts go on and on and on. Based on my own diagnosis, I feel I am suffering from a pretty severe case of odd (irrational thoughts fueled by obsessions to quell the anxiety). I am always questioning my sanity, drinking/eating sugar so I do not pass out, and checking my pulse to make sure it is not dropping. How can I be sure I do not have a blood injury phobia? Again, I have never passed out but is fear alone sufficient enough for a fainting spell to occur in the presence of blood and injury phobias? Thanks so much for your help.
Just wondering what people have to say aboutThis all gets so cofusing....I don't want to get hooked on klonopin, but I need something to take the edge of the anxiety in the evenings.  My doc told me I could take a total of 1 mg of K a day until I feel the zoloft is working.  Just curious on what people think.  What a challenge.
Morning folksMedications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg,Valium 5mg,  Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
Hey everyone I have dealt with bad anxiety and panic attacks in the past but now doing well, however from that I did develop a fear of heights and enclosed spaces.Thankyou
So I’m going to start using Isagenix to help me lose weight because it is way overdue!!!  Does anyone here use it or know of anyone that does?~ Ann Brashares
Just curious what people have experienced in regard to the timing of taking their AD.  I am taking 12.5 of zoloft now, today being day 9.  I forgot to bring me K when I was out of town saturday thus I didn't tke it yesterday.  I usually take it around 7 a.m. and by lunch am really tired and spaced out.  I have to take adderall to counter this, and that only does so much.  It is really impacting how I function at my job which of course causes more anxiety.  My doc says I can experiment and take my dose in the evening to see, which I will do this coming Thursday (light work schedule on Friday).  I keep reading how zoloft peaks 4-5 hours after taking which may explain the timing of the lethargy?  If I could get this to help me sleep at night plus eventually help with the GAD it would be a double bonus.  Anyway, curious how others have handled tihis.  I also know these could be side effects and wear off at some point?  I am scheduled to increase up to 25 mg this Friday.
So studying have been hard because of anxiety and concentration issues, I've been having really irrational and weird thoughts, one of them was aboutThank you
Hey all,-
So yesterday it was 7:40pm and it was dark i was retruning from my new house contruction site with my mother on scooter. Suddenly when we reached on dark road there were many bats flying in all direction i think it was because of strong wind that suddenly start blowing. I think they came down from trees. While i was driving my scooter threw those bats which were slightly above us. One bat came directly toward me i ducked and i think that bat also saw me and tried to gain altitude and it flew above my helmet just making a tic sound. Now the problem is my mother was sitting behind me on scooter when i asked her did bat hit her she said no she flew over her head but the distence was in centimetre. I am scared now. Bat might have scrached her but she is saying bat didn't touched her. I am telling her to get vaccine but she is refusing as she is saying bat didn't scrached her. In india not a single case of transmition of rabies is caused buy bats so bats arn't considered carriers. Is it true. That what i learned from internet but i am still scared. Am i just being paranoid. How can i calm my mind.
So had an appt today with a CBT psychologist that my psychiatrist recommended and it's in the same building.Any experiences??
Does anyone take allergy meds daily? I’m so afraid of meds, but I’m having a hard time swallowing due to post nasal drip, excess drainage, allergy symptoms..etc..this has been going on about 2 years and I just need to start the meds but don’t want or need worsened anxiety.. my worst fear 😔 I’m miserable, I want to eat normal & healthy again!! Does Benedryl or Claritin make anxiety worse? I’m constantly anxious so the thought of it increasing symptoms scares me so bad out of taking the meds!
Hi everyone, so I have been suffering from night sweats so I though it was a good idea to see myd octor. Did a blood test and the lab comes back with my hemoglobin at 11.5.!!! NOrmal levels are 12 and above. I am so so scared this is cancer!!!!! Im bleeding from somewhere, my doctor told me to take multivitamin and test again in two months. I am so scared and I can't sleep at night!! I dont know what to do, I cant wait two months.
Any experiences with abilify (aripiprazole)? I'm only gonna be on 2mg to help decrease bad feelings during the day to hopefully be more a peace at bed time.
Hi again,Anyone have any tips on breaking this cycle? I dont wanna have to get more drugs from the DR. Although im keen to try natural remedies.
Morning folks Medications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg,Valium 5mg,  Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
I have the anemia condition for awhile already. I am taking medication for that. When I have the anemia condition then I think I get more anxiety about having the anemia since I get less energy than before ya.
I am in fear I undercooked turkey sausage as it cooked for like 15 mins the outside looked good and it seemed ok but texture was chewy but that’s typically his ground turkey tastes now in fear we’re gonna get salmonella smh
Folks,-John
I'm taking 1.5 clonazapam. Wondering if I take the temazepam will it work to help me sleep through the night considering the amount of benzo use already, it might not.
I just started taking 10mg of Lexapro this past Saturday, I'm on Day 4.  This is the 3rd time I'm taking the lexapro.  I went off of it before because I gained weight and felt I didn't need it anymore.My question is, is it common for my anxiety to be almost worse than when it was before I started taking it?  The only side effects I noticed the other times, I took it, was drowsiness and a dry mouth and a little brain fog.  Now, I feel very jittery, anxious, heart palpitations, and a tight neck and shoulder.
I had a some dinner and as soon as I stood up I suddenly became aware of myself? Ive been battling a cold these past few days and had to take a .25mg xanax yesterday and just took another one now.. i feel so defeated because I thought I was getting myself back on track. Havent had a drink since the last time I posted. I just really dont like this feeling as it puts fear in my stomach and gives me a sense as if everything is fake and that im in a dream. I feel like im watching myself from the outside. I’m trying my best to stay grounded but not sure what else to do...Any advice from anyone?
Starting Paxil (paroxetine) I'm nervous. What is the adjustment period like/ how long. Does it help with sleep after a couple weeks?
Hello,
Just wondering if anyone has come across this heart condition and a pr my heart, and referred me to a heart specialist.  This was all before my GAD developed by the way which is what I am dealing with now of course.  But......I was dx with this condition as one of my valves doesn't shut properly and allows for &quot;regurgitation&quot; of the blood to seep back into the valve.  I had no symptoms whatsoever, this was incidental by the way.  I was told that it could be years before anything major would occur which would then necessitate surgery.  Now I have read some articles where this mitral valve condition can affect the autonomic nervous system and make one more prone to anxiety/panic.  And balance issues which I have had on and off over the past decade.  Anyway, not sure if I am trying to hard to find a connection, but thought it interesting to see a possible connection here.  Comments?
I posted a while ago about
I have dealt with anxiety over the past eight years. Although I would never have chosen an anxious mind, nor the associated physical effects, anxiety has provided the opportunity to share my story with others, and allowed me to hear their stories as well. These conversations led me to write a fictional story that centers on a main character who grapples with challenges and questions similar to mine. 
Morning folks.Medications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg,Valium 5mg,  Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
Hello, moving to Japan. Im a mess, my chest is to tight, im getting hypersensitive to everything that feels off or wrong with my body or mind. I dont think im depersonalized. If anyone could say anything that might help that would be great..Ive read what others are suffering from, and this sounds so stupid and pointless compared to the difficulties that cause others to have anxiety and panic problems. But this is the first thing in my life that I have ever wanted, and I dont know what I feel like reality is fake, and watching youtube videos and vlogs on Japan make me feel more connected than anything else right now. Im constantly sighing from all of this and my chest is killing me. Im taking hydroxyzine currently at times when im doing really bad but I want to get over this on my own
Hey everyone.. I have post nasal drip supposedly caused by allergies.. and I have a hard time eating because it feels like food is getting stuck. I posted about this a few times before but I’m still looking for someone who is or went through this because it makes my already severe anxiety go through the roof! If you went through this, what did you do for it?! Thanks in advance! Oh and I have an ENT (ear nose and throat doctor) appointment on Wednesday which is also an allergist that will hopefully be able to help me! I’m so afraid of meds making my anxiety worse because it’s so bad everyday!☹️
Hi,Thanks for listening
For some reason my anxiety has been awful for almost the past 2 weeks. Super heavy chest and feeling like I can’t breathe at all. It hasn’t been this bad in a very long time. So I figured I’d try my fluoxetine again and sure enough it makes things worse. It’s a different type of anxiety but the chest pains are unbearable almost like I’m suffocating and gonna have a heart attack. I don’t think its a good fit and have been off and on it for awhile now. Last time I looked it up its an antidepressant that’s very activating. I see my doc next week and I’m gonna ask for something else.I hate anxiety....I know everyone does but I’m so sick of feeling like crap every single day!  sad
HI everyone, sorry for the new post. I can't sit or think straight. I am in constant state of panic. I have been having stingy feelings in my right breast, and its so lumpy like big lumps. I also just got my period but the lumpiness and stings are still there which freaks me out more. I called the breast surgeon and the nurse kind of brushed me off saying get a new bra?? That maybe my bra isn't fitting well, well I don't think that is the problem. SO I pushed and now they scheduled me for a bilateral ultrasound and NOW I AM FREAKING OUT MORE. Its scheduled for next Tuesday and I don't know how I am going to get through these days!!! I am 36 years old so I know I am not too young to get it. Anyone had these symptoms before?
Hello everyone! I want you to know that I am no longer anxious. If you're struggling with &quot;swallowing&quot; I just want to say that it does get better and you stop noticing it. It's just a normal thing. Trust me, it does get better. I'm sorry, I wish I could update earlier. (It's been years - this is unbelievable...)
Hi everyone, my name is Eliza, and I need help dealing with a fear of cancer. I am reluctant to say I am cancerphobic, because I have only been struggling for a few weeks now, but I am terrified and constantly crying just the same. My boyfriend, who I am so in love with, had cancer as a child. Because of this, he has an increased risk for future cancer, though he has been cancer-free for 16 years. I'm not sure why, but this increased risk is hitting me HARD now, though we first talked about a risk of cancer, since it seems like everyone has risks of diseased, but...I don't know what to do, how to deal with it. I'm panicking. Please help.
Not having a good day,MY heart rate increased and threw up few times since morning.
Hi guys,I can feel my heart beat and feel pulses all over my body, when my heart beats faster i go into over drive and think somethings wrong, i get weird feelings in my chest and chest tightness, im constantly checking that my heart is beating at a good rate. Its like i’m over aware of my heart. I get kept awake at night because of weird sensations in my chest and i worry i wont wake up. I havent had an anxiety attack for nearly 2 weeks and my last one was because i sent my head into over drive thinking i was going to have a heart attack becaise it was beating fast and i could feel it kind of pounding out my chest. I come on these forums to get reassurance but i want to see if people feel like i do? I’m a very healthy young man and everything in life is going well for me but this is getting me really down. I appreciate any of your responses and i look forward to reading them.
Anyone on paxil? Do you take it in AM or PMI have insomina so cant tell if its messing with my sleep or not. But might try taking in the morning.
Morning folks.Medications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg,Valium 5mg,  Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
Hi!Thanks!!!
Hello - I’m sure this has been posted before so my apologies if my post is a repeat. My doctor prescribed Zoloft last week. I am going through serious marital issues and naturally have developed some anxiety. Just wondering if any of you can tell me your experience with Zoloft, did it help? I have not started the med because I wasn’t sure what to expect. Would I be a walking zombie? My dosage is 20mg, 1/2 pill for the first four days and then a full pill after that. Thanks for your input!
Hey guys just moved into a new place and my car space has a empty (bd 2mil syringe packet) with no syringe in sight. and some unused bandaids. Im so anxious. I know im overeating but can't control it. I think that by walking near it im going to bring some blood  it into my home. I'm so stressed I've got bad ocd over it and scared to park there. I'm so irrational just cant help it. I'm looking for somethings that's not their my doctor said. I'm on zoloft and xanax when needed.Plz help me?
Hi,Thanks
Folks,smooth
Hello,I’m a long time severe anxiety and depression sufferer. I’m on Zoloft, which helps some, but is far from a cure. I recently tried a multivitamin containing ashwaganda and feel like a new person. Has anyone had any experience with this?
Since I started taking an SSRI, I have been obsessively thinking about it and how it may be effecting me. I can't stop it, it's non-stop all day. If anyone has any techniques or things they tell themselves to stop, I would be greatly appreciated!!
Does anyone have LPR / Silent Reflux from stress or anxiety? I am 30 years old, don't drink, smoke, I literally do nothing bad to my body, and my silent reflux is so bad its to the point of over 2 years Im not able to eat without feeling like the food is stuck in back of my throat. I was just at the ENT a few days ago, they stuck the camera in through my nose and down my throat and said there was a little bit of irritation, but no bumps, lumps, polyps, said it didn't look bad.. but diagnosed me with Silent Reflux / LPR because I don't feel pain, but have all the symptoms. I noticed that when I stopped my Xanax over a year ago, is when symptoms got progressively worse to the point I only weighed 100 pounds. I think this has a correlation.. my anxiety has been so bad and it has been worrying me and stressing me out, and I'm not on meds anymore. I think that this has an impact on my health so badly (anxiety) its causing these symptoms of LPR / silent reflux. Anyone else have stomach issues due to anxiety? I had the best diet before the food started feeling stuck. Fruits, veggies, salads, good protein. Now my potassium is so low I can barely function day to day and I'm on supplements. ): What have you done for your stomach issues/ anxiety?
Have a strong headache on right side of face and head,Can it be migraine?Is it anxiety ?
Hello,Frank
I was given a scriptI am going to cross post this on the depression board in case someone wants to follow there might be other's posting there but not here.
Helloion again. I need to find something that is safe and works. I’ve tried everything and nothing works so far. Any other ‘natural’ or vitamins and minerals that have helped you please let me know thank you!!
Morning.Medications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg,Valium 5mg,  Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
Been up A&E. They told me I had faecal loading and my colon was full of crap basically. Said to have 4 sachets within 6 hours, then 6 within 6,then 8 within 6. Well its not gone well, as soon as I reached 6 I was already getting liquid coming out. By the time I'd finished those sachets I was on Agony. Went back down there and they advised doing the same but for longer and just persist. Took it for two days, water and diarrhoea and no movements. But stools sound soft throughout my bowel anyhow. Today I've cut down to having half a sachets every few hours and had my first bowel movement which was soft and green. No idea where to go from here. Getting scared and constipation seems to be making me reflux worse. Sure making my anxiety go through the roof. On the following meds for what is worth.:Buscopan PRN
HI Everyone,-Eliza
Anyone have this globus sensation and it’s worse after eating!? I have it all day and night long, I swear something is there. I went to the ENT and he stuck the hose down my nose and throat and said a little irritated but not much from my silent reflux. Nothing bad. So obviously nothing is in my throat. But what is causing this feeling?! I’m so afraid to be put to sleep and how I’ll react from anesthesia to do an endoscopy at a gastro doctor to see if it’s something in my esophagus, but I think I’m going way too far with this!! It feels SO areal like something is really there. HOW do you get rid of this awful AWFUL feeling!? ☹️
Guys im writing this because Ive recently battled two back to back colds which have exashberated my anxiety/depression. I took a .25mg xanax but now it feels like it does nothing for me and my body is in a bit of a tingly shocky feeling the whole time. Im really worried that ive developed insomnia and that im totally screwed. Please someone shed some advice?  im so worried...
Hey all long time no post again. But, I'm just swigging by to vent some fears of mine and call it an night. So same old fear of mine came back while taking a shower a few days back on the 26th (May) and got a large amount of water up my right nostril to where it began to pulsate and burn a little in my sinuses and a little bit in my left ear. As usual I made sure to blow nose, and clean my ears with a towel the moment it happened.....and for a few hours afterwards. heh..... And so now I have been getting weird sensations ever since like body aches, smelling things that others don't, neck pain, zoning out sensations, and stomach aches. 
I don't think my family really understands the depth of my anxiety and panic  over the prospect of a dressing, for the first time, all these issues and I feel so terribly alone and scared to go through all the invasive test that will be necessary and feeling that the final outcome will be  some type of cancer. I know I have to do all this but it causes me to have so much daily anxiety and panic but sometimes I feel like I'm just going to collapse from  The stress of it all. I try to think positively but that has never been one of my finer points. And when I'm so stressed at the same time about my  Financial situation and feeling so lonely, it's even that much harder to deal with.  Any words of encouragement would be greatly appreciated.  I think God every day that I have this site to go to because I really don't feel I have anyone else who understands my situation as well as my reaction to it, as you folks do.
Just wanting to get some advice here on my experience so far with Zoloft.  I started out 5 weeks ago at 12.5 mg of this given my sensitivity to medications.  After a couple weeks I started seeing some better days and then bumped up to 25 mg after 3 weeks.  Again, first few days of being on 25 I felt better, although my sleep has been affected (I think anyway) by this drug thus needing trazadone/klonopin to counter that.  The past 8-9 days I have been getting heightened anxiety over things that in the past were just part of life.....like client meetings, traveling to see clients out of town, social situations.  This has me a bit concerned because it is a step back in regard to how I am feeling.  My psychiatrist would like me to increase my dose to 37.5 now, but I want to get my sleep in a better pattern before I do this, and possible interrupt that again.  Kind of a catch 22........would the increased dosage do the trick, or do I risk getting more anxious?  I know some people hit that sweet spot of the right dosage and things really kick in.  My psy says that on 25 mg I am barely in the range of this being therapeutic and it is not fair to  judge how it will do for me on such a small dose.  Thoughts&gt;
Hi folksMedications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg,Valium 5mg,  Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
Hi everyone, Thank you!
Has anyone ever taken lamotrigine for anxiety but according to the doctor its mini seizures that are causing these. I started taking lamotrigine after taking so many anxiety medication for the past couple years and I feel great the best I ever had in years and am still also on my 50mg of zoloft
I noticed a small bump under my skin on back of neck last night and am now freaking out that it’s cancer. It’s right in crease of left side of neck right below hairline.Could it be lymphoma or cancer?
Propranolol to be exact.  Anyone used this for situational anxiety?  I ask because I am getting a bit concerned aboutComments?
Hey all, back again for my monthly/bi monthly posts. Looks like my anxiety has been triggered again. This time it was from my mother telling me that people have this condition for their entire lives. - Not something I wanted to hear based on the issues i'm experiencing.
Morning folksMedications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg,Valium 5mg,  Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
Hey family,Panic Syndrome recovery due to CBT
So I posted here a few days ago aboutJust want to scream right now.
Hi,How do you deal with the physical pain? any tips? do you experience the same?
I have been having to deal with a lot of health issues lately and since I have an overwhelming health anxiety, it's on overload right  now. Even though I have always been a hypochondriac, I never went to the doctor because of my overwhelming fear  but now my family is putting a lot of pressure on me, as they've noticed I've been complaining about being so fearful when so many people have horrific things to deal with  but this is all that all new to me and scary as hell. It seems my mind is constantly thinking the worst and I need some suggestions for coping.
Ok everyone, this morning is absolutely the worst I've had in a LONG time. I woke up feeling that jelly feeling in my arms and legs which is pretty much go to for me after a period of stress. My boyfriend and I had to get up early as he's on jury duty this week and going to work early for a couple hours before going to the court house.I have been through ALOT of stress in the last few months and now things have calmed down and I couldn't be happier. So why this now???????
I was recently put on 50 mg of meta-propyl and 25 mg of the LosartAn.  I was OK the first couple of days but now I am getting niece horrific anxiety/panic attacks and I'm wondering if they could be due to this new medication. The doctor told me that Toprol can sometimes increase your depression which of course I also suffer from.   And I'm also wondering if anyone has  had success with natural remedies for lowering blood pressure.   you should know that I have suffered with anxiety and panic attacks on and off all during my life but I haven't had any this bad until I started taking this medication. I have a lot of other stresses in my life that could be causing this but  it just seems different this time and it's worrying me. I seem to be very susceptible to the power of suggestion to so I'm not sure if I'm doing this to myself or whether it's really the meds. Any feedback you could give me would be greatly appreciate
Hi All, I’m new to anxiety but not new to Healingwell. I’m usually posting on the Crohn’s disease forum. I’m kind of confused as to what is going on with me. I’ve had quite a bit of health trouble over the years. I take care of my mother who has health issues as well and both of us have been in and out of the hospital.  The last two years I’ve been In better shape and been able to start picking up the pieces. I was really excited to finally get my graduate degree done last winter because after constantly suffering set backs and distractions I was afraid it would never come. I also thought I would finally make some progress with other aspects of my life ( sorting out some family issues/ selling house etc) that would reduce a lot of the stress that has had me very upset and had my life a bit upside down on top of the health issues. I was making headway until I realized the financial side of things does not support my plan for resolving everything and basically I went into this doomed panic mode which I have never felt. I am always the one offering help, a plan and saying we can do this.  I had what felt like a week or more of shear panic, not feeling like myself, detached, hopeless and with repeating thoughts that just fueled the panic and I thought I was loosing my mind.  I eventually went to my pcp and started buspar. Since then I’ve been trying to get connected with a good therapist or psychiatrist. The meds have helped to some extent but I’m still confused by the whole situation. I was diagnosed wit GAD and panic disorder but I never thought previously that my fears were that out of bounds with what would be expected. Now they seem to be but when I blame it on GAD I feel really guilty that I’m making an excuse or something. The psychiatrist I saw today was filling in for the one I saw previously and he basically said it’s great you feel the medicine is helping but anyone would be overwhelmed with what your dealing with so you should go visit your friends and talk to them and make changes in your life. That’s all well and good. I do make some time for myself but I feel guilty for it a lot of the time. Plus my friends are halfway across the country, I have responsibilities at home and I can not afford to go out for fun let alone travel. I’m sure he meant well butI now feel even worse that I have some how caused my misery at this point and that getting help from a doctor was a bad decision because it’s not a problem they can help with. Has anyone else dealt with a situation like this?
(Not sure if this would be more appropriate for the heart disease forum, but this place is a lot more active)That's all I'll ask for now. Sorry for the long post. I've checked plenty of other topics, but many of those had more extreme symptoms and it was hard to pin down something akin to what I'm experiencing. I'm probably on the path to convincing myself that I'm having atrial fibrillation or something, and while that's not immediately harmful on its own, I'd be further convinced that it would be caused by some heart disease. Any insight would be appreciated.
Hi all
Another day of trying to keep pushing through this hugely frustrating thing called anxiety. Wednesday was the horrible day and I ended up staying home yesterday after 2 nights in a row of very little sleep and feeling like crap. last week. I keep convincing myself I have something horrible. I'm going to get some cranberry supplements after work as I've heard they can help. Health anxiety is the worst.
It's been a very long time since I have posted, agoraphobia isn't getting any better even though I am trying to do everything my doctor has said, I have been having these weird dizzy spells which are hard to explain, it feels like out of the blue my head get put in a vice, lots of pressure eyes go immidiately dry like the Sahara desert, I cannot stand as I have no balance, I cannot focus my eyes, hard to Move as it feels like I falling I immidiately break out in a sweat as I believe the spells trigger panic, these spells only last 20-30 seconds but they feel like they last forever, after they go away I am physically drained, eyes super dry, head hurts, necks tight, I have been through the ringer with testing to see what causes my vertigo with no answer to it but these spells are not the typical vertigo I experience, has anyone else had these spells?
Morning folks.Medications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg,Valium 5mg,  Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
How to anxiety is through the roof! I probably should be posting on the  depression  site also because I know that's a big factor here but it seems my anxiety is what drives me the craziest  but my health anxiety is a little different than most of you folks. Instead of running to the doctor for test, I   Stay away from  doctors and testing like the plague… I am always convinced, and have been all my life, of being diagnosed with some form of deadly cancer. Ironically, I've been pretty healthy most of my life   But now that I'm older, age 70, I have had problems with my stomach and a few other issues and now I have to take the plunge. I am even     Fearing going for blood work… How crazy is that?  When I finally went to the doctor last week for an initial consultation my blood pressure was sky high so they put me on two meds which I'm convinced are giving me more anxiety although the doctor said that's not the case. I've been having problems sleeping also which I never had before , Waking up twice during the night and having strange dreams.  I guess I'm hoping that maybe it's some kind of thyroid issue that can be cured with just a pill but frankly I'm scared to find that out also. Basically, everything having to do with health scares me. I'm pushing through however and just hoping for some moral support  even though it's kind of embarrassing to admit that I'm such a coward.
Hi guys. I'm new here. A short back story...i was on Lexapro for about to start my 3rd week on 20mg. This time getting back on was hell! I have gradually had to work my way up to 4 mg of Xanax just to cope! Of course I hate this, but my doc assures me I can taper off and be fine once the Lexapro kicks in. I just get so hopeless and scared that this won't work this time. My husband works long hours and I am alone a lot, which just gives me more Tim to freak out. I know no one can give me a for sure answer, but can I get some love and encouragement please? Am I close to seeing at least some improvement? Only positives please as I freak myself out plenty on my own. Thanks for any help, tips...anything?
As I have said in previous postings, I have suffered with anxiety and depression on and off all during my life. Most of my anxiety has been health related, always thinking I was dying of some terminal illness.  Over these many years I have  Learned tto manage my anxiety and overcome it for long periods of time. Lately howEver i've been wondering if I've been exhibiting more bipolar characteristics since I can be crippled with anxiety for part of  of the day and then after talking to myself I tend to come out of it and feel good the remainder of the day and night. But it always seems I wake up with high anxiety the next morning.  Is this just how anxiety works  or  is this more like bipolar  disorder?   I am currently not on any meds other than a very minimal dose of Xanax in the morning when my anxiety is the worst but I'm wondering  if there's something else going on here. You should realize, of course, that my health anxiety also includes my mental health and I  always think the worst about that too. Basically, I'm wondering if your anxiety ebbs  and flows rather than just being there constantly. Would appreciate your input
I've noticed looking at peoples postings that those of you on Xanax take a varying degrees of milligrams . My doctor just has given me .25 mg and that doesn't seem to do anything for my anxiety. What have you found is the best dosage for you?
Hey all, been suffering pretty bad with anxiety and depression since I stopped my medication a few months ago. It seems Mirtazapine did a good job of blocking anxious symptoms!Thoughts welcome.
Hi.  I'm in need of a psychiatrist in or near the SF Bay Area.  Someone who is knowledgeable about chronic illness.  Any suggestions?
Hi. I’m needing some peace of mind.. I’ve been praying. But was hoping someone on here couldThank you so much! God bless!
Ok so I am now midway through my 3rd week back on Lexapro 20 mg. In some ways, I do see improvements, but in others...i still wake up at 4:30 am, maybe get back to sleep for an hour or so. Then wake up and start the same old boring routine every day. I talk to my mom the whole time my husband is at work. I try to do a few things, but then have to start the Xanax, which wipes me out but I can't take a nap. Any Encouragement? I have stuff to do, but no motivation to do a thing. By the end of the day I am pretty depressed. I know meds are a gradual, but am I anywhere near this going away? I used to be able to clean, work on the computer, bathe...now I am just a lump all day. Any encouragement? Am I close? Oh, also I am almost housebound now. I force myself out for short car rides, but this is all really getting to me. Anyone else gone through any of this? I will be starting my fourth week this coming weekend. Sometimes it's so hard to keep going. Can you guys offer any hope?
Folks,
Good afternoon everyone!  It seems so hard to find forums that are still active.  it every time.
Okay Im new lol. But I have awful anxiety and I just got my blood test results back. My WBC was 4.8, my LDL cholesterol is 43 and my total cholesterol is 112. Is are these results low?? Ive been reading on the internet that it is low and a disease can cause it. I did get over tonsillitis a week ago and took antibiotics if that matters. Im very worried lol, my doctor has not contacted me back yet so... Im not too sure what to think of this. If someone could give me some insight, I would appreciate it!!
I have the anxiety condition for awhile already ya. I am taking medication for it. I think it only helps a little with the condition. I am kind of sad since I think that I can't get rid of this condition. Then I can't do things that I want to do ya. Does anyone know how long it would take to get away of this condition. I would liike to have some advice on this. Thanks.
Morning All.Medications:-  60mg Prozac,  Olanzapine 12.5mg,Valium 5mg,  Dihydrocodeine 180mg per day
I'm really beginning to wonder if some hormone levels are screwed up in my brain. My anxiety is off the charts every morning for the first few hours I'm awake. It almost feels like something physical like I'm going to have  A heart attack or collapse or something. I feel shaky and weak and can barely hold it together. After I am up for  A few hours I feel much better and pretty normal during the day but it almost makes me hate going to sleep at night, knowing how I'm going to feel when I wake up the next morning. I👌I am due to havea  blood work done that I haven't had done it in years so I'm almost hoping something like my thyroid levels are off so I can be convinced it's something physical rather than mental. Does anyone else suffer from  hi anxiety in the morning? One doctor said to me that it could be an excess of cortisol in the brain but if that's the case… How the hell do I get rid of that because this anxiety is  off the charts. For a long time are used to take the small dose of Xanax when I first woke up and I made a huge difference but I have been off Xanax for a year and is there a piss these days don't seem to want  to prescribe it. I obviously never became addicted to it and went off of it whenever things improved but lately it just seems that they want to put you on antidepressants which I don't want to take if I don't have to can anyone relate to what I am experiencing? I always count on you folks for support which often times does more good than any therapist
Hi HW Family,Just venting, and I appreciate any and all of you who read this in its entirety.&lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3
HERE It sucks. I feel like my body is running a marathon every day, I'm just so tired, and discombobulated and mentally spent. I feel like everyone I know is like - oh you still have that? Like it should have gone away on its own by now. Sorry to rant. I'm just so very very tired (and feeling sorry for myself).
Does anyone else have elevated anxiety symptoms after drinking? Anyway, I've noticed the same thing before. Can moderate drinking cause or exacerbate anxiety symptoms?
Is anyone on this med?&nbsp; My fiance just went on it, and his&nbsp;psychiatrist talks about a 90% success rate with it.&nbsp; He said it cures everything from OCD to anxiety to depression etc.&nbsp; Anyone have any comments?


Oh man! I am beginning to freak out now.&nbsp; My hearing for SSD is around the near corner and I am sitting here shaking just thinking about it.&nbsp; My aniexty is so high right now I feel like crawling under a mountain to hide...
Shortstop you have to put that in the &quot;You know you have panic when, lol&quot; thread.......
Thanks Lyn for your words of support....I am in Texas and on my third attempt and if they do approve me, it will be 4 years backpay...I worked up until 1999 because the panic disorder got to much for me to handle.  It was in 2002 when I severly injured my lower back.  
Hi Shortstop --
  &nbsp;Hi i will be anxious to see what happens for you in court. i had to get an attorney, i requested it twice by myself and was denied, so we will see what happens to me also. i do not have any one thing that appears to be a big deal, lots of little stuff that adds up, IBS, Two stents in my heart, upper constant back pain, hernia, but i look so good i do not think they will beleive i feel like i am 60 going on 80. i truly cannot even bare the idea of what would happen if i had to go to work, i was making good money so i am hoping when they see what i have had to give up they will take me seriously, but i honestly do not expect it. how old are you? and you Lyn? you would think this clsoe to 65 they would cut us a break after working for over 3o years.
Dreamgirl I am 52 and worked all my life til the crohns and pg got me I was okay with the A/P but with all that on top i couldn't do it anymore........I let them know without hesitation I would rather be Nursing and loking after peeps than being looked after as well in Ontario they compensate lawyers of your choice to go with you to your hearing I had an extrememly good one.Take care
The day draws closer and I am almost nail-less. LOL~!  Just a few more days and this thing will be over.  Oh, I pray to God that things go smoothly and the judge is having a really good day so he will be extra  nice and not hard nosed......
Well today I had my hearing for SSD.  I can say, it went nothing like I expected.  I will say that I am glad that I researched all that I did, prepared as good as I did, it really helped a lot.  I was expecting this hearing to take only an hour, but we were in the hearing room for over 2 hours.  The entire first hour not one word was spoken.  The judge that was suppose to hear my case was not there and another judge had to hear my case.  He needed the time to go over my records.  After about
Happy dancing with an extremely sore nose...LOL!  I was so embarassed because I used the whole box of tissue and we had to get more.  LOL! I just could not stop crying....I am so tired right now and I think it will all set in tomorrow....
Thank you so much.  Yes faith does carry weight, before we left we had a prayer circle and totally left it in God's hands.  I was going to be grateful either way it went and if he would have threw out my case and denied me then it was God's will for it to happen.  I am so happy it wasn't thrown out and denied.  
woohooo shortstop, I normally post in the Lupus section, but you caught my attn. w/your ssd post, I too am in the process.  I'm so happy for you and your family.  You almost made me cry when u described yourself in the courtroom.  I hope more blessings come your way and they will.  sunshinesyl ;)
Congratulations!! Glad to heaar it was favorable!
Oh man, I pray it is so much better now that I can afford to get medical care....
Today was my first day taking Paxil. I am to take 100mg of zoloft in&nbsp;pm and 12.5 mg of Paxil in the am (this is down from 200mg of zoloft) in pm. So anyway, this am was my first time taking the paxil. I was sooooooooo sleepy for a while that I called the clinic and the NP said I could switch-take paxil in pm and zoloft in am. The xanax I took a little over 2 hours ago took about 1 1/2 to 2 hours it seemed to kick in some. My stomach is still in some knots. In a month, I'm supposed to go down to 50 mg of zoloft and 25mg of paxil. Has anyone else here dealt with this? Thanks,
Hi Janet,Take heart, I never thought I'd survive doing this alone but I have, the tiredness is a common side effect of withdrawing quickly off the zoloft. Remember you've got people on here to support you and try looking into the future, this will pass and you'll soon start to feel better. I want to sell the house and move so have been using that as a good focal point for positive future thoughts.
Janet - hope this transition goes well for you.  Keep us posted how you are getting on.
You are lucky to have this done in a transitional way. When I got changed from zoloft to lexapro, I was just switched, and had a total relapse of depression. This sounds like a much safer way to do the switch.
Thanks Lyn,Now I've got to make it through 2 weeks of school holidays. I can't wait till we move and the kids will be closer to their friends and the oldest 2 can leave the house and go play. (they're 14 and 12)
My understanding from my PDoc is that some bipolar meds and SSRIs are supposed to help decrease anxiety.&nbsp; However, since December 2005, I have been on Zoloft, Lamictal (bipolar), Paxil, Wellbutrin, Zyprexa (anti-psychotic) and now Lexapro.&nbsp; With all of these meds, except for Lexapro, my anxiety symptoms became much worse.&nbsp; Since I have been on Lexapro (40mg)&nbsp;and Lithium (600mg) I have also been taking 2mg Xanax 3x day, so I wonder if the Xanax is masking any increase in anxiety caused by the Lexapro and Lithium.&nbsp; Just curious if anyone else has experienced this opposite reaction to any of these meds.&nbsp; Thank you.
Thank you.&nbsp; The problem is, I don't think I'm bipolar.&nbsp; I've never had the manic episodes associated with bipolar.&nbsp; My last diagnosis was depression and GAD, but now I've got them really confused, because every thing they think should work has the opposite effect on me.&nbsp; My biggest problem is the anxiety and I don't want to take something that works on depression, but makes me more anxious, only to have to take the ludicrous doese of Xanax I'm on.&nbsp; Anyway, that's why I haven't posted in the bipolar forum, because they can't figure out whats wrong with me.&nbsp; I just wish I could find the combo you talk about
The PDoc who originally interpreted my psych test when I was in rehab first suggested the bipolar thing.&nbsp; When I went to see another PDoc in person, I told him about grandiosity, etc.&nbsp; The only time I had manic type symptoms was when I was leading a high-pressure tight timeline project at work and working long hours and sleeping less.&nbsp; He thought I may be bipolar mixed, but when I reacted so badly to Lamictal for bipolar he started rethinking things.&nbsp; The anxiety was the worst part of it all, but he was afraid to give me benzos since I'm an alcoholic.&nbsp; Finally after trying every SSRI and other types of meds that didn't stop the anxiety, he finally gave me Xanax.&nbsp; That is the only thing that I can positively say works.&nbsp; My Pdoc is basically stumped now and referred to a neuropsychiatrist that hooks your brain up to an EEG and based on that analysis, he can make a diagnosis and offer the right combination of meds.&nbsp; Sounds a little out there, but I'm willing to try.&nbsp; I'll let you know what happens.
Hm, tricky one Green. The problem of whether to tell a new doc your previous history or to get them to start the diagnosis from scratch. I think, on balance, I'd have done as you did: always good for them to have as much detail about
Thanks Rosie,
Hi  Green,
Kudos for the not drinking for all this time..........I am a sober alcoholic since 1979 and I stil go to the odd meeting for the fellowship and I talk to my sponser occasionally we are the best of friends ......I wish you all the best Green and Rosie has given great really geat input ............Take care and remember 
is extremely difficult to deal with.&nbsp; My sister is also a sufferer of this disorder for 11 years now.
I am currently on Adivan as well for my panic.  I take it twice a day, because if not then I have at least 1 panic attack a day, and I can't stand having them anymore.  I also talk to someone once a week about all of my issues and anything that may be causing my attacks.  I find that talking to a professional along with meds does help a lot!  Because then I get a lot of what is worrying me out.
Welcome to HW......There is a great support system right here and the peeps are the best IMO......


hiya twiggy gal, beleated welcome, sorry, but so glad you are here ;)
 
Does anybody ever get a nauseaus feeling during an attack. I'm trying to get through one now. Took .25mg of xanax. Been 15 minutes-still not controlled!
I do get nausea during attacks. Only thing I found to help that personally is drinking milk.  Hope others will be by shortly to help out.
after reading angelas post, i wanted to see if anyone had just the opposite of agoraphobia, which is what i have. its definitly not the greatest feeling either!
I guess that would be me too....I hate being alone its not so bad any more but I do find myself wanting someone around so I can calm my thoughts....CBT has helped alot...I think it helps me cope and distracts.
I am the same Sis I like having my loved ones around but I also like my space as well but have to hav the TV on even when I am going to bed I need that noise in background ....Howie has been here last couple of nights cuz he has been worried and I am glad he has been here .....I am thinking maybe a reconciliation in the works..........gotta work on it though ya know ......Anyways DAISY yep put that CBT course in your email ....or I do an online free one Moodgyms Training Program which I found has helped me out greatly........
Ooh Lyn, I'm a-gettin excited about
I found your post extremely interesting.. so I just had to google it!! Technically, most would think the opposite of agoraphobia would be claustrophobia, but really that's not what it is...
I can really relate to this one.&nbsp; I like to be in public places...being home alone for more than a few hours drives me nuts, but i don't want to interact with anyone in public.&nbsp; I just like to get my coffee and sit and read and be "surrounded" by people.&nbsp; It feels wierd, I'm not claustrophobic, I just cannot be solitary for too long.&nbsp; On the other hand if I get "trapped" at work for too long I burst into tears because I "have" to be at home...odd huh? I hate panic  

I am so happy for you!!! Best wishes to your success in finding great health...
Thanks All!
This is such great news Janet!! I'm hip-hip-hooraying for you!!!
Janet, it really sounds like you have found someone to look after you properly.  I am so pleased.  I know what a difference it makes to have faith in your doctor.  Hope the drug changes go smoothly for you.  Take care.

Hi cynabun, welcome, and yes......i can say weve all felt that way. Im sorry you dont have insurance, but you still should talk to someone. You have all the small classic symptoms, and yes, i feel alot that &quot;omg im gonna die&quot;  feeling, but im still kicking after 5 years of panic attacks. You are still healthy, they wont kill you, just feels like they will for a bit....im sorry, i dont wish it upon anyone, but i hope you are feeling a bit better and please keep us posted, we are a big great family of p/a's ;) and there is alot of support you wont find anywhere else. Take care and keep us posted.
Hi Cynabun,
sorry i have to vent again, after another day of feeling absolurely horrible. I don't want to wallow in it but want to know what is it with this "anxiety" that makes us feel like we're dying, but we don't? I don't get it. I haven't found any&nbsp;groups&nbsp;that are proactive looking for a cure. sounds like the meds are just a temporary or long-term&nbsp;fix. Has anyone overcome this? should a group be started here where we ban together and look for answers???&nbsp;&nbsp;
Well you are definitely not alone I know I despise what this DD can do to us and does to our lives .WE have to fight it with all we have and support is crucil.....thats why this site and forum is so great always ppeps to help you thru and know what you are talking about
 
Yay Cynthia!  That's great to hear.  Continued wellness on this journey we call life.  We'll be here in good times and bad to support you.
I am hoping as you know to be off the Xanax in a couple of weeks. When I was just doing the xanax and zoloft i wasn't having a bad stomach but I have heard the synthroid doesn't mix well with the xanax. The Zoloft and Synthroid is helping with the depression as it has for me since 99'. So i know it's the Xanax. I hate to get off the Synthroid as that might really make the depression bad especially with weaning off the xanax. Ugh.
Please talk to your doctor before quitting your medication.  Stopping synthroid is not a good idea.
well yesterday my original dr was gone so i seen this other one and i am grateful i did! i was taking 30mg of cymbalta for awhile and things weren't getting any better so my dr decided to up the dose to 30mg in the morning and 30mg inthe evening that was monday. well by yesterday i felt like total poo. heart racing, chest achyness, just felt i could jump out of my skin. so went to see this other dr and guess what he told me? he said he had no idea of why a dr would put some one on cymbalta for anxiety because it is not an anxiety med. it will increase anxiety because it has epinepherine something or other in it and he is like you are already producing enough of that, this is why you feel the way you do. so he is weaning me off thecymbalta and starting me on lexapro. i take 30mg of cymbalta in the AM and 5mg of lexapro in the PM for one week then no more cymbalta only 10mg of lexapro. he said that should help the anxiety alot. anyone here take lexapro and have you had good results? how long before you noticed it working? and were there any side effects? doc said there shouldn't be any major side effects. 
KUDOS.......Amos I am so glad you got this other doc .........great news for you and us here as well ...
wow amos, im happy you got to see a new doc too.......great news and i hope you feel alot better soon, sounds like you will  ;)  hopefully you can wean off the cymbalta easily. Take care and so happy for you, small steps ;)
I get so angry when I run into someone unexpectedly and I have to talk to them...i'm not angry that I have to talk to them..i'm angry that it automatically sets off this huge pulse of instant anxiety through my body.  I went in to get my morning latte today and ran into an old college professor just as I was leaving.....when this happens the pain from the knot in my stomach that i immediately get as soon as i see them drives me insane...it feels like my diaphram is going to rip in half...i feel like such a jackass.......so i come back take one ativan and its gone....i just dont get it....do u guys have these types of social problems with anxiety...i feel like such a fool...AAAHHHH!!!
Hello TakeitEZ.  I am sorry to hear of your distress in restaurants, and your sopcial anxiety.  I am glad to hear though that you are taking meds for the anxiety.. Your therapist may be able to help you conquer some of your anxiety through exercises for social anxiety. Maybe taking hints from others that have social anxiety may be beneficial, and speaking with you Dr about taking you medication before getting into a socially anxious situation may help, if you are allowed to adjust medication according to your situation, this may also help control some of the sudden anxiety that you face as well, since you will have a safety net before the confrontation.  I hope things get better soon.  Take care Phoelona
I have alotta issues with social anxiety.  Tho since I do most of my communications online no one would be the wiser.  I wouldnt say I have coping skills (dont model after me) I have creative avoidance skills.
I get exactly the same thing.....It's not that&nbsp;I don't want to talk to the person, it's just that it doesn't fit into my tightly scheduled (OCD) day.&nbsp; If it's on a weekend, then I'm totally cool beacuse I don't schedule those days. Wierd!! I also hate it when peeps drop by uninvited AAARRGG!!! 
hey thanks for all your replies everyone, i really appreciate it.....ive been experiementing with the ativan in social situations...if i take 1 its not quite enough but if i take 2 at once i get kinda high and disoriented and i look messed up.....i'm still working on it....thanks for your replies though everyone, very considerate of u. 

Mine varies too much to vote.
very early hours of the morning.  My routine is to eat a small cracker or piece of toast and either 1/4 or 1/2 of Xanax and then I'm ready to face the world.
Hello all,
Hello babyblue, you sound consumed by the thought that you are ill.  I suggest that you go back to seeing a therapist, and tell them how you are feeling, and what you are experiencing at this sime.   Feeling panicked, and anxiuos, and consumed by health issues, can be controlled by medication at this time.  I hope that you seek some professional treatment as soon as you are capable, so that you can feel better, and have more stability in your life.  I am very sorry that you have this disorder, I know that itmust be very traumatizing for you at times.  I really hope that you feel better soon, and also discuss the situation regarding the other medications that you have taken in the past, so that the therapist knows that you do not prefer to be a zombie on medication and unemotional.  I Really hope the best for you, and I hope you feel better soon Phoelona
I would suggest you see a counselor but definately talk to your doctor about this when you are there.  Maybe you can figure out why you are so afraid and learn to control it.  I hope you are feeling better soon.
babyblue - thanks for your kind offer.  I may well take you up on that!

I have had anxiety attacks and take propanalol with no side effects.&nbsp; I recommend a cousellor too as this helps get rid of the source of the problem.&nbsp; I would get so bloated looked like i was nine months pregnant.&nbsp; This is caused by stress, we gasp more air in when stressed.&nbsp; Try relaxation techniques, slow breathing etc.&nbsp; You need to sort the root of problem to fully recover.&nbsp; Hope this helps, i can empathise x
Great input hands

Just when I thought I was starting to feel a little better, I got a call from my husband that his unemployment was denied (they reversed the original determination).&nbsp; I feel like we just can't catch a break, and needless to say, my anxiety is sooooooooooo bad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I feel like there is no end to these disappointments and I don't know how to help myself................
Thanks, everyone, for your replies.&nbsp; You don't know how much I appreciate your words of encouragement (as I sit here at work crying    )
I've just come off zoloft (one week now) and haven't had more than two hours sleep a night.&nbsp; I go to bed about 5.00am.&nbsp; I get up and watch DVD's and read beacuse my partner starts nashing his teeth when I change positions for the hundredth time.&nbsp; It's getting annoying.&nbsp; Has anyone else come of zoloft and had this happen? How long does it last?
I would think this is normal hun can you take gravol or something like tylenol PM to maybe help for a bit to your body gets used to not having the zoloft .......Wishing you all the best and I am sure others will post their input
Poor Meg!! -- I agree with Lyn that this sounds like the zoloft withdrawal symptoms at play and that finding something to help see you through this stage in terms of the sleep (something less addictive than zoloft) would really help you.
Hi!

Hi Meg,
almost every morning i feel achy in my chest my arms and legs will ache i shake like i'm nervous and my pulse is up. why??? i feel like my mind must start thinking or dwelling on things before i even wake up and then all this anxiety is what actually wakes me up. how do you stop thinking about things before you are even awake? sometimes i feel like is this really anxiety or is there something else wrong with me? i did notice the other day when i took my ativan 3 times a day like it is perscribed i wasn't that bad in the morning, so maybe i should take it like it's perscribed for a little while, i just get scared cuz i don't want to become addicted to it. i am also weaning off the cymbalta and am starting to take lexapro 5mg at night. the dr said to continue to take the 30mg of cymbalta in the morning for a week and the 5mg of lexapro at night them after that week i don't take any more cymbalta and i go to 10mg of lexapro. is that how they wean you off one to another? 30mg of cymbalta is the lowest dose. i hope the lexapro will be better for me and help with all this nervousness. i am so sick of feeling like this in the mornings makes you want to run to the er and tell them to fix you now!!! i just don't know what to do to relax in the mornings i try the deep breathing and all that. anxiety SUCKS!!!!!!!

Amos I have really bad mornigns most days as well and for me I think it is the anticipation of what the day is gonna bring my way and what I will have to deal with all day long 
Hi Amos,Georgia
Hi Amos I too have bad mornings I wish I knew why but I have to say I am gald I am not the only one ............although  i am sorry othwers feel like this too I thimk its because I worry about
so i decided to cut my meds in half from 150 mg of effexor rx to 75mg. and i havnt had any anxiety barely at all!!
I hope you are doing this with your doc hun I am proud of you and happy for you but again I believe the doc should be involved.........Keep us posted please and you have a great weekend too 
Medication should not be messed around with without talking to your doctor.  Most meds take time to start and stop working.  Please talk to your doctor aboutI hope you have a good weekend.
So happy for you!!! I am going down each week on my Xanax now per the dr. and she will increase my synthroid and my zoloft as needed and as last resort will use buspar.
it's waiting for me at the pharmacy, never took it before. anyone know what it's like? how long does it take to work?
I am pretty sure we have some members who are or were on this med.  Hang in there and I am sure they will pop in.
I was on buspar a while ago after my psych took me off of meclizine.&nbsp; I could hardly tell the buspar was working at first.&nbsp; I think he said you would have to take it regularly for a few weeks to a few months to see any real results.&nbsp; I guess it worked because my anxiety went away for a time but it was a really gradual change. I didn't have any side effects.
i guess it's common sense, i'll just have to wait and see. as long as there are no bad side affects, what's the harm? i'm just used to that quick xanax fix. weeks seem like years away. i gotta do something tho' thurs i had such a attack that i couldn't make it out of the house to see my shrink! so he phoned in my new scrip for buspar.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Here today I have experienced very vivid De Ja Vu is the only way to describe it. It feels as if I can't control it, I am going to come out of my skin, and I have had severe head aches today. I do not have an anxiety disorder, however when I was younger (maybe 10yrs or so ago, I went through councelling for childhood trauma and abuse) The episodes only last a minute or two but is brought on by an extreme feeling of de ja vu. It makes me dizzy, sweat, head pound, hot flashes,heart race and my asthma gets affected. I feel as if I am dieing. With as short as the episodes are could this truely be a panic attack? Could it be something more? Please help me. I almost can not even function, this is making me nutts. It happens and is over&nbsp;quickly but it is really scaring me. &nbsp;
hiya and welcome, i agree with lyn, it does sound like some a/p and some ppl do go days and weeks without them and bam, they will strike again. I have had alot of episodes over the years that were short like that. Although i was glad they went away fast, they are still so very scarey. The longer ones even worse. You should go to your doc and tell him all the symptoms. Hopefully they will come and then go away as fast as they came, my doc says that can happen,  good luck to you and let us know how you are doing. Take care
ok, is there a difference between muscle spasms or twitching?? Does anyone else experience these? I get alot of like muscle twitches in my legs and feel them in my feet but the are on the inside, I mean you cant see it like you see your eye twitch... 
Hey Angela,Georgia

Welcome there are some here that go the natural route and will post I am sure........weekends are slower so have patience please.......I do relaxation,meditation and CBT ' But I still do take the occasionally ativan when needed ..........Glad you found us .....I have a hot milk Nightly as when it is heated it activates the ingerdient which calms you and helps you sleep relaxed( cinnamon or a wee bit of Hot Choc )can go on top for taste
Welcome...If you look around previous posts there are im sure a whole bunch of posts about
I got some efalex, though haven't tried it out yet. It's used a lot in the treatment for ADHD.
HI whoa,Let me know...Take care
Hi, 
hugs angel let us know if we can help.

hi angel, that is my worst symptom of the a/p is the chest tight and fear of heart attack, thats how they started, you are not alone and i hope you feel better very soon, HUGS!!! (we all need em sometimes)
I should feel the difference of that soon too. That will help with the weaning of the Xanax. Also, part of my abdominal problems could have been time of the month since the pregnancy loss I have found out. I still think the Xanax with my other meds isn't a good combo but I should be completely off that in a month. I forgot if I asked if anyone has ever had to go to Buspar with their other meds after being on Xanax??



Hi Bethers,

I agree dwelling on this is only making it worse for you it seems: this post and one above could have ben combined hun next time will you do that please.......thanks to ask more than one question per thread is just fine okay Lyn
So I'm feeling really weird. I was feeling ok earlier tonight, then my chest just feels really weird kinda an unexplainable feeling. I feel really short of breath when I talk to someone or even when I'm not. Is this a small panic attack even though these are pretty much the two only symptoms&nbsp;I have?? Could it be partly my acid idigestion do you think? And I have chronic constipation, could that be part of the upper&nbsp;pain??Please let me know what you guys&nbsp;think.thanx
I agree with Jethro could be from all of the above constipation can cause terrible problems.Jethro has already asked the most pertinent questions so I will just say if it contiues and you have not been to a doc for any DX then please do see one 
well on friday i went to the dr to have some blood work done, he wants to check my hormone levels, thyroid(again), seratonin, and do a 24hr urine. when i got there i was so upset that they couldn't do the tests, i now have to go monday morning. anyways friday all day long i had this uncontrollable crying couldn't stop for nothing thought i was just totally losing it, so the dr sent me to see a counselor and i talked to her for awhile and she will start seeing me in october every 2 weeks. i don't know what's wrong with me i don't really feel like i'm deppressed i just don't know.i was switched from cymbalta to lexapro wed and it seems to be going okay. then yesterday i get my period!!! that's the second time this month!! maybe this is a hormonal imbalance i have no idea i just am so sick of this i could just scream!!  my weight because i have lost 30 pounds and i don't really eat anymore unless someone makes me or i force myself, he told me last night that i am probably malnutritioned and i can't afford to lose any more weight that i already look to thin. i am not doing any of this on purpose, i want to be the wife and mother i was before i'm just stuck in a place right now that's hard for me to get out of. i feel like i'm such a burden at times, i look around and see that i am making my family suffer i don't want that i soo don't want that, i love them so much and i don't want this to effect their lives. thank you for listening,
Amos,HUGS!!!!!!!!!!! janet
Hi Amos,Georgia
Amos I too am sorry all this is going on with you but the input is spot on if the situation was reversed I am sure you would be there for him right ......and of course for your kids 
Hi amos,  i feel so for you, and i hope they get some things worked out soon. I have a hard time with hormones, and it is so hard to deal with, the crying some days just doesnt go away. I blame the hormones for alot of it, i dont think im too depressed either, just hormonal, thats my story and im sticking to it ;)
hi everyone thank you for all the replies. i went trucking with my husband last tuesday and we got home on thursday night, the doctor started me on 10mg of lexapro last wednesday so it will be one week tomorrow i don't know if i am having side effects to it or not. i have been having such bad pain through my back and sides so i went to the dr yesterday and he ordered a ct scan of my abdomen and pelvis i had to drink that really gross barium and they did an iv with iodine so my kidneys show up good. i should know the results tomorrow hopefully. let's see what else has happened....oh yesterday i got home from the dr and laid down on the couch and when i woke up BOOM major panick attack it felt like the whole insides of my body was just shaking or something and my pulse was 141 i swear my eyes were probably as big as saucers my heart was beating so hard i thought you could actually see it  coming out of my chest!! that sucked really bad i know it was a panick attack but it is so hard to get your brain to realise that's all it is let alone it scared the crap out of me so it lasted almost 45minutes!! i started seeing my counsler and she seems really nice on the 30th of october i will see her again and she is going to try the nur feedback on me so maybe that will help i don't know. i am going to take my ativan 3 times a day for awhile like the bottle says and see if that won't help with the anxiety and panic because every morning i wake up my pulse is always up  like around 110 to 130 don't understand that at all.                            amos
I cant figure out what is going on with my meds. Im on 10 mg lexipro daily and .5 mg of klonopin as needed. That was keeping my anxiety pretty low, but I just never felt right on it. I cant explain what I mean, but things physically and mentally I felt something was off. This was further supported by the occasional days where Id either take my lexipro late or forget to take it entirely. Ironically I felt better on the days I didnt take it, and Id notice that when Id take the daily dose in the middle of the day Id feel fine until just after taking it. I decided aboutEverything thats going on seems to contradict what my doctor says.
klonapin under the tongue is quicker but not better
Ok, I was sitting on the couch and a hot flash just hit me, except that it started at my head and went to my feet! It freaked me out and then my heart just started racing!! I stood up and just paced , after just a few mins my heart was normal... what in the world was that????
Angela, I get hot flushes with my panic attacks also sometimes hormonally.
Remember I am weaning off the Xanax, increasing my Synthroid to where it should be and the dr. increased Zoloft to 125 from 100. This morning I felt a littl,e out of it - not bad - but just a little loopy. I had also taken Advil for TOM cramps. Is this normal to feel a little loopy when you increase a med?
Hi Bethers,
It is possible to feel this way but again you might want to ask the  doc
I dont think its a good time to be weaning off the xanax
Hello everyone,&nbsp; I have typed my problem here as I don't know where els to type it&nbsp; ?
Hello and Welcome to the A/P forum ....
They say I might have had a TIA mini stroke ,&nbsp; anybody know of this ?
hi bedwedge, and welcome!  Im so sorry you are going through this, it sounds very scarey, ive never experienced it myself, and am hopeful that you will find out whats causing it soon, do you have panic attacks regularly? please take care and keep us posted, my best wishes, hugs

Hi Bedwedge,
Health Anxiety - Please help... I'm so scared
panicky I am hoping you are working thru the panic attack and will be feeling better real soon .......you know the support and peeps are always here for you ........take care and be well 

You will be in my prayers.
Ellycat, im sorry this is happening, i know that alot of ppl with a/p think there is always a medical problem. I have gone through the same type of thing, and im sure alot of us have. Recently i was in the hospital for diverticulitis, (or something similar to that spelling lol)  and i am having such a long time of recovery that ive pretty much convinced myself i have a tumor, one of the docs was dumb enough to put that in my head and ive been obsessing over it.  Your teeth i hope are just fine, and with two dentists id say you are probably pretty safe, but i know how scarey  things can become when you think to much. You are NOT alone in thinking there are problems that arent really there......i wish you the best, keep us posted, and i hope you feel better real soon. 
thanks alot guys, i was freaking that night i was kinda fine then felt like my node was gettin hot checked my temp it was 98.4 just felt like my node was heatin up cause it has been swelled since the mono, but not very big at all barely noticeable, but i been worrying over hiv or lymphoma, but i feel good then bad you know back and forth but lots of great people on here so i feel kinda safe here, thanks alot everyone, and we appreciate the prayers, the good lord is here with us to help us all, god bless
Hallo everybody.&nbsp; I have been offered a part time job in a training centre for people with disabilities.&nbsp; It is going to take a lot of my time and energy so I have decided to resign as moderator.&nbsp; I have thoroughly enjoyed my time moderating and will still be posting and supporting as much as I can.&nbsp; I just felt for the moment I couldn't give total commitment to HW and that would start to worry me (you of all people will understand that!).
Hi Janice,
Sis I am so proud of you and although you will be missed as a great mod I know this is something you need to do ..........go to work and hold your head high remembering ALL the peeps in this past year plus to which you have helped and given your love and support........
Jan,
im proud of you for the job, good luck, we will miss you and you always did a great job, thank you for your time on hw. we all wish you the best, and keep up with us sometimes ok??  hugs
Thank you all so much my friends.  I am certainly not going to disappear!  I am too &quot;hooked&quot; on HW!
Congratulations on your new job! You will be very good at it! Your clients/patients are very lucky to have a kind and funny person to work with them.&nbsp; Please let us know about the job and how you are enjoying it! 
Congratulations Jan!! This is WONDERFUL news! I'm so proud of you for taking this step. You are an inspiration to all of us who are still struggling and shut up in our homes still. Keep us posted!
Hi.&nbsp; I'm new to this board, but I fell across it when I was doing a search for OCD.&nbsp; I've always just joked with people about my "quirks" but they are no longer quirks.&nbsp; They are now consuming my life.&nbsp; My husband thinks that if I know I'm doing these things, I should just be able to stop them.&nbsp; He says that if I know that it's not normal, why can't I just push them aside.&nbsp; I don't know, but I almost wrecked my car yesterday, trying to get the numbers on the license plate in front of me to add up to 24.&nbsp; I know that sounds ridiculous, and I just shook my head as I even wrote it, but that's just the tip of the iceberg.&nbsp; 
Slstotts,

Thanks Harry
slstoots, welcome to hw, i used to have ocd alot worse than i do now, the cleaning became annoying to everyone lol. I got a lil better about
Checking how youre doing there slst.
By the weekend I should be spick and span...I think an upswing is approaching and I always go cleaning spree when i up swing.  
I should know what a panic attack is by now, but tonight I've had a doosy.
Hello,
Hey babyblue! I will admit that I have to worst anxiety especially health anxiety, I would just go to the doctor and you will be fine, I know its really hard worrying about                               Angela
I’m so sorry to hear aboutGeorgia
Hey everyone!!! I just have a few questions... When I was in the ER they gave me some info on counsling, I was just wondering if it really helps??? I think I should look into it, I just dont feel like Im normal...I have always had stupid fears since I was little, but sometimes I just laugh at myself, One time I was in the tub shaving and I cut myself, and I was seriously afraid that I would get some of the body wash that I used in the cut and what if it got into my blood or something, so I like hurry up and jump outta the tub!!!!! Does anyone else have these irrational fears, I mean its not really normal right to worry about stupid stuff like this??? Also today my mom and I were out driving and I felt a little lightheaded kinda like I was out of it or something, I dont know, and we had to go to walmart and I was soooo scared thinking that I couldnt go into the store cause I was feeling like that... is that just anxiety????
Thats so true Harry, my normal therapist is out having twins and she was great aboutI have faith that you can completely recover as long as you put all of yourself into recovery!
Has anyone had a loss of appitiete after starting antidepressants?? Im sure its a side effect and its probably good that Im not really hungry, but I just have to make sure that Im not the only one. I basically eat cause I have too, and sometimes I take a few bites and then Im full.. whats up with that?

Hi Angela,
Hey Angela,Georgia
wouldnt it be&nbsp;nice if the doctors paid as much attention to their anxiety patients as they pay to the drug company sales reps
I know that feeling Harry.
Glad you have a great doc.  Just had a lightbulb moment have you tried asking for the earliest availible appt like for next day or so?  Or maybe even go in and cause a stink?  I am gonna stop before a tirade starts.
22 Female here. about 10 days ago I woke up in the morning and felt a little short of breath. As the days went on it got progressively worse and was constant throughout the few days&nbsp;so I made my way to the ER where I had bloodwork and a CT Scan done...everything came back fine. They said it was most likely anxiety and for me to go to my doctor. I then started developing some slight chest discomfort. At my doctors they gave me and EKG which came back fine as well and they placed me on Lexapro because I have some depression as well. The next day and for the past 3-4 days I have been having a lot of aching in both of my arms that sometimes starts at my shoulders. It is really starting to scare me. I keep thinking I am going to have a heartattack because my best friends grandfather had arm and shoulder pains for weeks, the doctor told him it was nothing, then he had a heart attack! My breathing has started to feel a little better but the arm pain is scaring me! Its jsut a dull ache and sometimes there is a sharp pain that shoots through in the bicep area. Can this really be related to stress and/or anxiety? I thought that anxiety attacks only lasted for a little bit of time...this has been lasting almost 2 weeks now! Someone please help
Keps,
Trust your Dr.  Your ekg was normal, don't worry about it anymore!  If you were in any danger it would have showed up on the test and it didn't.  I have had the arm pain thing in the past, before I sought treatment for p/a.  I would wake every mornging shaky, nauseated and with tingling in both arms.  Thought I was having heart issues too.  I too had an ekg...normal of course.  Sometimes we have to make a concious effort to believe in the test results that tell us we are fine and not &quot;trip out&quot;  Have you sought treatment for anxiety? I highly recomend if possible.  Take care and try to relax you are going to be fine!
Where's Cybervato?!? Is he okay? I hope so!!! He's always been such an asset to HW!   
Janet,
I have emailed him a couple of times but haven't had a reply    .
I agree, it's been a long time since a post, and even longer since he was here regularly. And, like Wednesday, I don't recall anything saying he'd be away... . Just as well we have the wonderful Lyn and Michelle here doing such a stonking job: mods just don't come better than you two guys. Thanks for all you've been doing on such a very busy board!
Wednesday the e-mail thing is more of a &quot;common courtesy.&quot; some take advantage some dont.
Hi guys im new to this forum, well i started to get panic attacks about  
Hi and welcome to Healing Well.  Glad you vound us.  
Hi Spicegirl479.
You should be feeling initial effects about now although it can take up to 6 weeks. The first 2 weeks were really rough for me, and then i felt much better for 2 weeks, and then I felt awful after that. I felt emotionless and depressed. Im off it now and I definitely feel better. Ive heard of it doing great things; for me that never happened. Just give it a few more weeks and see how things work out.
I am so happy to see all the great and informative input from the Members 
Hi Spicegirl,
H guys thanks so  much for the replies! im going to keep taking it for another week or so last night for the first time i had palpitations , so the doc has reccomended i got back to 5mg! very frustrating as you all probably know.Im lacking in energy levels even to walk the dogs is hard at the moment.
i have a anxietty and depression, i know you may ask why? but i have acne, and i was was use all meds what tell me doctor, but i go to this site not for my acne, i just wont to toalking with sombody if you wont, it will be good if we can chat, on msn or icq, howewer thanks for that you was reed, and i apologize for my eanglish lanwige
God bless you. You will be in my prayers. I will email you when I get home.
thanks for support, it's easy for me, and my mood is better when i toalking and chat with sombody.
I'm hoping someone can help me.&nbsp; I don't know if this is even the right forum but I suspect it might be.&nbsp; 
I used to have similar problems and it was a spastic colon, and I took meds for a while. Maybe others here will have some ideas.


Does anyone else suffer with painfully, dry, irritated eyes?&nbsp; 
frar I have heard in the past crohnies talking about

Do you suffer from anxiety becuase when you are anxious your pupils dilate and feel heavy and dry, try and relax and see if it occure then otherwise see a optician.
Hey everyone! Well I had the usual tests done and all that stuff is normal, however we are continuing to dig deeper into this to figure out what wrong, I have to do a 24 hr. urine collection and get a heart echocardiogram, my doc says that there are a couple of weird things that could be causing this stuff, so we are going to rule that stuff out, which it will make me happy to know for sure, but I am also really scared he said that there is this 1 thing that cause benign tumors to secrete hormones or something and Im so scared what if I had that?? I mean he said that it is treatable but its just finding it, does anyone have sweaty hands all the time??? and do you know the name of what he is talking about with the tumors????
Hi angela,

Hi there I agree your doc alarmed you with that quick DX and not even knowing for sure w/o tests Thanks Bear
Well for the second time (not in a row) I tried an increase of Zoloft from 100 to 125.I woke up so nauseous and pain in my gut and felt sooooooooo sick for most of the day. I am going to stick to my 100 and work on getting my thyroid back to where it needs to be and weaning off the Xanax per the dr. and using it only as needed and hopefully I won't need to increase the Zoloft. I could always ask the dr. if I could break up the 25 mg Zoloft pill. 

hi beth, i hope you are feeling better, i agree with harry, you might want to talk to the doc, if its giving you that bad of side effects, there are many others you can try. But then again, i dont know what the thyroid business would cause, but i hope you feel much better soon, take care and keep us posted. 
I was a pretty regular poster on this board not so long ago.. and I have to say that one thing that helped me a great deal with my panic and anxiety was reading this board and posting on it and getting responses that made things seem more reasonable and rational. 
Cool!  So glad to hear that you are doing better and off your meds.  Congratulations on your pregnancy!  I am brand new (my first reply in fact!) and have also been doing better and using retraining in my thought processes.  I also practice breathing teqniques and progressive muscle relaxation.  No meds for me either, but I do take St. John's Wort.  Both  breathing and muscle relaxation have really made a difference for me.  Thanks for such a positive and hopeful post!
This is great news BruisedViolet!! Thanks so much for letting us know -- and big congratulations on the pregnancy -- hope it all runs very smoothly for you. Yes, CBT is marvellouso for anxiety and panic -- so glad it helped you! I love a good success story: you really sound like you have godd handle on things -- and a positive outlook for your continued progress.
Congrats Great to hear some uplifting posts!
Hi everybody!&nbsp; I am brand new, but have been reading the archives for quite some time and feel like I know you already.&nbsp; I am so excited to be able to post for the first time and talk to those who know exactly how I feel!&nbsp; I have had a/p on and off for about 2 yrs and have just started c.b.t. and St.John's Wort.&nbsp; I was diagnosed by Dr. after going in for unbearable physical symptoms (thought I was dying sound familiar?)&nbsp; I have started feeling so much better with the therapy and herbs.&nbsp; I still struggle with catastrophic thinking during times of stress, but my panic attacks have all but dissapeared.&nbsp; The biggest struggle for me has been the physical sensation of being sick, as I have always been so active (I am a dance teacher and love to exercise)&nbsp; Does anyone else struggle with panic attacks during/after exercise?&nbsp; I have heard that the sensations of the heart pumping can trigger them.&nbsp; Anyway I just feel so happy to be talking to you all finally.&nbsp; I was in c.b.t. today and felt that it was time to join.&nbsp; I always feel so comforted by reading posts.&nbsp; My therapists did not recommend as he thinks I may let this become too much of an "identity", but hey I was never one to follow the rules!
Welcome to this wonderful forum. Iris
Just awnted to say welcome....my therapist says the same thing...I post pretty often...he he"Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it, what is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside." -Ramana Maharishi&nbsp;
Welcome and enjoy glad to have you as part of the family.  I definately dont think you make this your identiy if anything I thing the healing that happens here makes your pesonal identity more visible to self and others.  It is a place to be who you are without judgements just some ground rules.
Hello & welcome! I'm sorry to hear your therapist prefers you not post here =( My psychiatrist tells me the opposite. She encourages me to take part in group and social activities- but that is also because I struggle to do so due to agoraphobia. (thus she knows I'm confined to the internet for that right now) She even referred me to another website, (belief.net) not for any particular religious inspiration- but more for inspiration for all kinds of people in all kinds of places. She feels that if it is unrealistic to ask me to attend a group session in a public place at this point in my therapy, then it would be counterproductive to set that goal, only to fail to achieve it. 
Welcome to the board SC. Different therapists definitely have different views and treatments regarding anxiety issues.  My therapist said this was cool as it took my mind off of the excessive anticipatory anxiety that I was feeling plus, you cant really do much outside during a hot arizona afternoon.  He also rreiterated the fact that just cbt and transactional analysis is not gonna cure one nor is just meds or just the fact one wants to recover. The application of those ideas is what will bring one through the dark periods and back into an enjoyment of life rather than just  daily endurance.
I agree bear, i have gotten so much better since i have found HW, i dont get therapy, so this is it, and im so happy you guys are here, thank you all :)
I feel like I'm going to crawl out of my skin. I've been tapering off of my lexapro. Down to 2.5 this week. Well yesterday I found out I was pregnant (not planned). Anyway completely quit lexapro which I guess wasn't too bad since I was already down to 2.5. The thing is I've had a few miscarriages which is part of the reason I think my anxiety has gotten so high. I've been laying in the bed for four hours with my heart pounding so hard it keeps me awake. I keep telling myself it's all in God's hands but my mind wont let it rest. Need some support, thanks.
Hi-sorry you're going through this rough time at a time when everything should feel beautiful-I will keep you and the baby in my prayers. God Bless Iris
I just wanted to post this. I stopped taking meds 1 1/2 yrs ago for my depression,panic and anxiety attacks.
hmmmmm thats news to me, im glad its working,  but i would be very careful, ask your doc please, just to make sure. take care 
It does work. I get cold hands and increased blood pressure all of a sudden at times and I refused to take Xanax since I didn't believe it was anxiety since my heart didn't race or wasn't stressed. BOOM. Hands warmed up and felt better after one pill. Problem though was I started needing more to get teh same effect and if I missed a day (Only on 0.5 mg a day) I went ape&nbsp;**** feeling full of anxiety. I decided I should get off this. It messes with the brain chemicals and is very addictive. I've been taking benedryl in its place and it does help big time. I heard Benedryl can cause cancer and is carcenogenic (Anyone else heard of this) and can promote cancer but my nurse told me its much better to be on benedryl than Xanax and after going through withdrawals coming off of only 0.5 mg a day I believe her.
just got letter from ssdi that my hubbys hearing is scheduled for 10/12/06----i am so nervous and scared about this whole procedure, has anyone out there gone thru this process -if so any input would be greatly appreciated. my husband has parkinsons and psychotic depression he is only 47 years old and has not worked since june 2005. we have been turned down 2 times and now have attorney for appeal- we have 3 letters from 3 different docs supporting our claim -should that be a slam dunk ? please respond and pray for us
Jules,
Jules, just wanted to wish you the best of luck and huge hugs, we hope everything works out well
Hi everyone once or twice a year (my mother has this too) but this does'nt really feel like vertigo all that much. It's more like a &quot;movement hallucination&quot; or just the sensation that your head or body is falling, shifting, moving, etc. Really scary!.
Question for anyone in here that is currently taking Paxil or has taken in the past:&nbsp; Did you have any problems getting to sleep at night and/or going back to sleep if you were woke up in the middle of the night?&nbsp; I know this is a side effect from the Paxil I've been taking for the last month or so, I just thought it would eventually go away.&nbsp; If you have experienced this, can you tell me if it does eventually go away, and how long you have to be on before it does.&nbsp; I would looooove to get a full night sleep once again.
Hi Tuna,Georgia
Tuna,  I had same problem at the beg., my doc. prescribed some Ambien (sleeping aid).  Now, I take Paxil around 8:00a.m. - and 1/4 Xanax (pill is 0.5).  1/2 of Xanax at night to help me sleep better.  Also, I used to have very vivid dreams - still do, once in a while,  - is this a side effect??
So I was precribed 20 mg. of celexa and I had to cut it in half yesterday. I've been so shaky and feel like i want to jump out my skin because my insides were shaking so bad the last two weeks. Has that ever happened with anyone on celexa? I'm feeling not as shaking since I cut the dose in half.Georgia
Harry I agree with the high dose BUT she has to or should be going to her doc or at least telling doc what is being done with meds .....
 
Gimme a tent matches and some food in the middle of nature and everything else melts away!
  &nbsp;Your love and zest for LIFE is so contagious I really want to thank you for being here with us and sharing your "aura"


Kittie welcome and we are glad to have you.  All my contact stuff is in my profile feel free to contact me at any time.  If i dont answer I  am not at the puter.  *hugs* and welcome
Hi MsKittie,

From one &quot;cat&quot; to another thanks for stepping up to moderator!  I have been wanting to chat, but sometimes have trouble getting into chat room I click on &quot;chat rooms&quot; @ bottom of page and only sometimes get on.  The times I have gotten onto page, no p/a's were on:(  Any suggestions?                                                     Scaredy Cat

Hi Scaredy Cat,
some years back it was the fashion to confuse panic attacks with mini strokes or TIA, details of these on the net
I can't imagine wanting to call p/a a stroke!  Strokes are very frightening and serious whereas panic attacks are pretty benign (from a health standpoint)  Just goes to show that a lot has been learned about p/a and more needs to be learned in the future!  Here's to no more of either!
Great input Harry SC and Jethro I totally agree with you on this .We have to fight the fight and beat this A/P ......WE have come a little distance in this and knowledge of it but way more HAS to be done .......Love that sig line Jethro 
I started to feel good again yesterday all day actually when I had a real craving for some nice cold cola.Who else finds caffine effects them so quickly?
I love coffee last year I drank almost a pot a day to keep me going with my crazy schedule with work and school. Know if I touch it i'm a panic wreck also with soda although i've never been a soda drinker. I too have had times where I had felt better and thought ahhh I can handle a cup of coffee. But nope throws me right into panic.Georgia
I am not sure it was the Xanax making me ill or too many meds or tom. But, I am feeling ok. I didn't do the high dose of Zoloft today did my regular dose and felt ok. Maybe felt could use a boost but also was thinking of maybe breaking up the 25mg pill and doing like half of it with my 100. But then again, I have to be on 25 more mc's before I am on the right dose of thyroid medication. So that could be the boost i need too. I really think the Zoloft is working just not sure I am at the right dose and the problems I was having are normal side effects I have researched. I just don't want them. Ugh.
Hi beth, im glad youre feeling better, but i hope that you are talking to your doc about
Hi Bethers,
TOM often is time of month(woman thing)
IMO usually means In My Opinion.
I need to apologize to everyone. I didn't realize that the content of my post was again forum rules. I feel really bad. It wasn't intentional, honest. Again, I'm very sorry. I hope I didn't offend anyone. If I did, again, I'm sorry. I want to continue to post here and gain friendships. 
Chelle,
Its all good... we still luv ya;)

Hi,
Daisysmom, no you are absolutely not crazy.  You are under a great deal of stress.  Work and worry of layoffs can be rough!  Anxiety can fray your nerves big time .  As far as the house on fire thing why be embarassed?  I would be embarassed if I didn't call the fire dept. and my house went up!  You were acting reasonably.  Be kind to your self during this time and take time to do breathing and muscle relaxation-it really helps!                                                                            Scaredy Cat
Daisy you are not crazy at all '
Hi Daisymom,
dont worry daisymom,  we all have days like that, yesturday, huge fight with my best friend, and just yelled the same thing ;)  im glad that they decided to keep you at a job, even if they changed your position, i hope it works out ok for you. And if i thought my house was on fire, id have called too, dont feel bad,  it sounds like it was scarey.  i hope things turn around and you feel better. take care and keep us up to date on the fire dept, was there any hot dudes??  ;)    just teasing, hugs
Last week and most of this week I was feeling better other than the constant shakiness. And now my panic attacks are back. I couldn't sleep last night I was just so so scared for no reason what so ever. I woke up this morning feeling anxious and expecting the worse and started to feel down. I cut my dose of Celexa in half because of the shakiness but now my panic and anxiety is back. Urghhh I don't like this stuff. I hate feeling so scared.Georgia
Thanks so much for your relpys. Went out with some friends tonight thinking that would calm my anxiety but darn it starting getting really anxious and had moments where I felt like I just needed to run out of the building because I started to feel funny and spacy. And then the same darn fear I have had all summer of losing my mind came rushing back. On my way home I just wanted to cry all summer I had such horrible anxiety then I had a little over a week were my fear and anxiety was pretty low and wham it came back. All those feelings of being terrified where right back in my face. Wondering if this will ever end? I'm going to try and do some relaxation and see if that helps. I'm just feeling so so scared and don't like the feeling.Georgia
Hey there, its been quite some time since I've been here and since then I've been seeing a psychologist and a psychaitrist who prescribed Zoloft for me. I'm a bit nervous about
well the dossage is 50 mg but the doc told me to start off with half a tablet for the first week to help minimize side effects=)
I agree, keeping your doc in the loop as well 
Today I got saw my doctor and brought my issues with lexapro. He quickly suggested I switch to Wellbutrin. What should I expect from this in terms of results and when I will begin to see them? He also decided to switch me from Klonopin to Ativan. How do those two compare? My main problem with klonopin was that id have to take them a few times a day, and while it certainly worked to keep my nerves calm, every day Id have to deal with the ups and downs of being put half to sleep in the middle of the day and then finally wake up a few hours later only to need to take more.
hi johnny, i had to switch meds a bunch before and it is hard, im sorry you have to do that. I take klonopins, but i have done it long enough they dont make me sleepy anymore, but ive never been on ativan. I wish you the best, and hope they can get it right soon
I toatally agree you have a great doc stay with him at least he is willing to work with and for you 
I was in such a bad way yesterday and all your responses made more of a difference than you know. I guess sometimes we need an outside opinions to see just how irrational we think.
Love you back!!!!! I'm glad to hear you are feeling better... you sound a lot better! Take care and (((Big Hugs))),
Thanks Daisy.
Glad you are sounding so much better today Take care 
Of course you love us! What's not to love??? We're adorable! HeeHeeHee!!!
Daisy, you are wonderful, and im glad coming here helped you, hugs!! I agree it would be great to be able to meet, we are spread out well! but at least we have each other here. 
okay this is maybe in the "Oh brother how corny is this!" category, but I'm in a sentimental mood I guess. :)
Aw -- nice Scaredy Cat! I needed that thought! -- Will come back and post if I think of a blooming in spite of it all story -- I'm sure I have one, but I just can't think right now! :)
I think thats fabulous thanx for sharing kinda needed that today
Growing as a metaphor, or a plant story!  That was a beautiful story Wednesday.  What a gift straight out of heaven.  I don't know if you like to write or not, but that would make an awesome short story to pass along to others in your family as a tribute to your mom.  Thank you for your touching reply!
Sista .........sorry I missed yous all this am talked to lil one for a few but had to go I have had a rough day again and cannot wait for the Doctor to be back Monday

I don't recall the title of the story, but O'Henry wrote one about
Beautiful stories guy's, thankyou for sharing them.&nbsp; I'm having a compost heap week.&nbsp; These made me smile. 
Wow so beautiful and very inspirational 
Im glad for all the great inspirational stories, they are wonderful and bring tears to my eyes.  Monday will be the anniversary of my fathers death, i hate it, its also my best friends birthday.......so it messes things up, but, music has always helped me thought stuff like this, when i was in michigan and he was in hospital, i bought a cd of hootie and the blowfish, it had so many songs that went right along with what was going on, and i still cannot listen to it without bawling. But, was also glad to have something that was special to make me remember. Theres a song with meechell post  ;)  a song about
hi janetlee, im so sorry that you had to deal with that, its hard to get past......i thank you for sharing similar stories, i dont feel so alone in things, and it will be easier to stop the guilt, i just  kept thinking i lost it, i had a chance and lost it.....argggh. I luv you all for helping and sharing, and i really hope peeper feels better soon too, im sure he misses his mate :(  
After reading all of these stories, I  couldn't help but add my two cents.  Do you think it's possible that your loved ones &quot;waited&quot; for you to leave before passing?  They probably didn't want you all to see them move on so they waited for time to be right.  My father sat in a coma for 11 days before dying.  On the 11th day, my mother told him that it was okay for him to go, she loved him and she'd see him on the other side.  She left the room and a few moments later, he passed.  I'm having a very difficult time believing that all of these stories are coincidence!  God Bless You All.
I have this flooki night mare and i want it over with
Can you elaborate?  An actual nightmare, or are you going through a hard time in your life?  I can relate to your subject line!  I too used to feel totally  fearless and then went into a shocking anxiety period.  Am feeling so much better now due to some therapy a coping skills.  Maybe one of us can help if you give us a little more info.  Write back and take care

Hello all. I am new here and am ever so grateful I found this site. I have panic disorder and have suffered with it for about 8 years. Off and on, most certainly when there are major changes in my life. Most of my attacks occur when I am driving, especially on 'unfamiliar routes' in new places. I have recently moved to a new town, new state and of course am having serious problems now. The only thing I have found that stops my attacks is alprazolam - this works almost immediately. The only problem is I am self-medicating as no doctors want to prescribe this anymore as this med has been abused by many. My husband is now asking that I just QUIT taking them as I am trying to find a new job in this new town and though benzodiazipines I hear are&nbsp;rarely tested for it is still a possibility. Today is my first day without the&nbsp;meds and so far so good, but I haven't had to drive anywhere yet. Any advice anyone could give me on handling my attacks w/out meds would be so greatly appreciated.
While it's true that many docs don't want to give xanax a lot, there are ones that will. There are also other benzos that can be prescribed, such as Ativan, Klonipin, and Valium. Please find a doc. If you get a new job, ther should be no problem with having benzos in your system as long as you are getting it under a doctor's care.
Valium is a great benzo, as far as benzo's go, other than a sedative effect for the first week or so you take it. .....Janet is right as usual there should be no problem as long as you are getting it under a Drs care
I am going through the same process.... We can get through this.
hi there my name is tony i have been suffering from panic attacks for&nbsp;about it, i moved from london(england) to spain 2 years ago with&nbsp;my parents&nbsp;with&nbsp;the thought of a 
Hi Tony - I can completely empathize with you and what you are going through. GET HELP. I would sugest seeing your regular doc (one you're comfortable with) and explaining ALL of your issues, don't hold anything back. I did and shouldn't have. It took a couple of years before I finally was able to find out what was wrong with me. Your doc may want to put you through some tests to rule out anything physical but remember the more open you are the closer you'll be to getting help. I wish you the best and remember you're not alone.
Tony,
I agree with the others.  Start with your G.P.  He/She will know how to direct you.  Definiately don't wait-the longer you hide this disorder the stronger it gets!  I would recommend just one more thing.  I am not anti-medication, it is a very useful tool for treating A/P however, I think that counseling and finding the behavioral tools for healing is the most important treatment.  If you start there, I think that you will do well!  Don't delay...call your doctor yesterday! :)

Hi and welcome Tony!  Sorry I am so late welcoming I have been a lil down and out lately.  Seems you have already gotten a boatload of advice so I will just say welcome and happy posting.
Hi!
Sorry I have not dealt with this but others will no doubt post 
So are you taking the zoloft now? Why did you stop before? Did your doc know you were stopping zoloft?
With my anxiety I get a pain in my sternum area-above stomach aroung the breastbone.  It feels sort of like a crushing sensation.  Yes the area can become extremely sensitive and does not always accompany a panic attack, but any high stress.  No fun!  I once had this for several days straight along with stomach discomfort, headaches and panic.  So yes, I think that you can chalk this up to just another anxiety trick.  Sorry to hear that you are suffering this too.  I hope that you get some relief soon!
Hey all just wanted to shine some good news to the thread hope everyone is feeling good. As for me things have been great i have been back to work for almost a month now : ) and im slowly driving where i need to go so things are really looking up.&nbsp; I started taking Tranquilezzz its a natural remedy im sure you guys can look it up along with a few other supplements and i guess it seems to be working rather well.&nbsp; But also i had to put a side of determination in too   &nbsp;&nbsp; .&nbsp; Hope all is well&nbsp; take care

You rock Jake07!  Good for you.  I too am doing the natural remedies.  It is not for all-some really benefit from prescript
Congratulatons! That's great to hear! It is always nice to read good news.
 
Well, my dr. has me on a schedule to reduce the xanax each week by 1/2. Well here I thought maybe the stomach uspet was caused by (tom) and not the xanax. I am soooooo wrong. After I ate tonite. I took my evening 1/2 dose and immediatly stomach upset. Great. Yikes. Also, I am a little depressed and shakey like. Ick. I hope this gets better before it gets worse.
I agree with nervymeg ......try eating before the meds and I am keeping you in my thoughts and prayers as well 
Hi beth, im sorry i havent had to go through the withdrawl process yet, but i sure with you the best of luck and hope it gets easier. take care and keep posting ;)
Ok have been off lexapro for five days. Did a slow taper and felt a little tired and not like myself during the taper. Well I have not had any pills this week and I don't know whats going on it really scares me, today is day five and it's the worse yet. I don't know how to explain it but it feels like when ever I move it's a dizzy, gushing feeling and I mean pretty much every time I move. Plus sometimes it's so bad I stumble around like a drunk person. It's been a pretty constant thing the past few day way too many times to count. Is this the way it goes and when will it end. Please help I feel like I'm going to have a stroke ( a little bit of my health anxiety kicking in there) Any advice and similar experiences are appreciated.


Hi goingmad,  Welcome and im glad you found us! There is great support here, and im so sorry you are going through this, what a young age to have to deal with it.  When i first started panicking, i had horrible days when i thought i was gonna have a heartattack and drop dead, its really a horrible but common sypmtom of this horrible stuff. Please get yourself to a doc soon, there are many things and diff types of therapy that will make a hugedifference.  I found alot of help with meditation, alot of people have mentioned accupuncture, and cbt therapy, breahting exercises, lots of diff ways to help. I wish you the best, and hope you get help and start to feel better real soon, take care and keep us posted on how it is going.  
You are absolutely not alone in this.  Reading your post was like reading about
I take a .05 xanax half in the morning and half at night and that seems to help. I have the self help Linden Method I bought on line and I have the book Don't Panic I am working on them. I have good days and not so good days. It is just that sometimes you just get tired of the battle. What kind of counsler are you seeing?
get checked for lyme ya all, I had the same problem, and it was lyme disease.
How are you doing sweetie hoping things are looking up and you see the support you get on here 
I know how you feel. Going to school with panic and anxiety is awful. There will not be to many of your classmates that understand. I never told anyone. I just suffered. Find ways to handle the stress of school. Try to find the right meds and get counseling. Good luck and God bless!
Hey and welcome to HW.  I've had anxiety/panic disorder on and off for 8 years.  I remember being in junior high and having them in the middle of class and having to leave school.  It was miserable.  So Going Mad, I definately know what you're going through.  It helps to talk to people.  I think I told several close friends at school aboutTwiggygal
I have only been on 75 mg a day for the past 5 months. I'm weaning off it for the past week and a half. I have to say its been interesting to see how my "head" is reacting, lol. I havent' had any increased anxiety, which is great. But I do get these random moments of fuzziness and dizziness that only last for seconds. At night though, thats another story! Its like my brain is fighting itself to let me sleep... I'll be in that weird twilight stage where I'm barely asleep but still conscious, and my mind is fighting with itself to sleep or stay awake!&nbsp;its kinda freaky! Also, I've noticed my muscle spasms are getting a little out of control. I do'nt know if anyone else has experienced this, but its happend to be even before the Effexor where right when I'm about to fall asleep my leg will jerk or my whole body will jerk and I immediately wake up! Its so annoying, and man it annoys my hubby too, lol. It seems to be getting a little more common since I've began weaning off the meds though.

Yes, it helped me get over my anxiety. I am weaning off of it because I feel I can handle anxiety (if it ever comes back) with the techniques I learned in therapy, which I am also no longer doing. I feel pretty much cured at this point. But I'll hang on to my klonies should a major episode come around - although I really do not see that happening at all.
I've been going through the muscle spasms and dizzinesss/ fussiness with my withdrawal from zoloft.I'm still waiting for a space in a speacialist anxiety clinic and would love to one day get to a stage of no meds. Good luck with a med free future.
Hi, I'm on Avanza and can't find much info on google on it. It took me a while to realise it goes under Remeron in many countries. Thanks in advance, AA.

Thanks Harry and Janet hope you are taking them up the offer AA
Thanks guys I'll message now. I've been busy painting all day to get the house on the market. Physical hard work is a good anxiety buster.  
Ok, on my last post, I mentioned how I had a very bad stomach ache and as any of you know who have been following my posts, Xanax and Zoloft and Synthroid and IBS for me have been horrible. So, my dr. has&nbsp;me on a schedule of decreasing the Xanax by 1/2 a pill a week. Well after talking to some other dr's they had told me that's ok to go down a pill a week since I have not been on it very long and been having so much stomach problems. These were thryoid dr's that I talked too. And said it's very common for Xanax to give stomach problems to people on Synthroid for Thyroid. So, I have been following the other dr's advice and I am going down a pill a week and I am down to only having to take 0.5 1 tab now in the morning and I am hoping to be off that in a week or 2. My dr. doesn't really seem to care about me... Wish me luck and let me have it! haha
IMHO,
I totally agree 
Well, I guess self-medicating was not a good idea. I better stick to her schedule of only 1/2 a pill decrease a week. I hardly slept last night and was up at 4:30 a.m. felt very depressed all day.
Hi everyone. I've only posted here a few times, but I thought I'd give an update on my weaning off of effexor xr. I'll recap with a quote from my other post...... 
Glad you posted and gave us an update on how you are doing..........
Good luck with it crazymamma.
oh man here's hoping for you!!! I am in the weaning process of getting off xanax. I know this is no fun!
When I went off of it I read that Benadryl and Dramamine would help.  I used both.  Whether they did or not I'm not entirely sure.  When I got off I threw it out since it is an awful process.  Now I'm fighting my depression/anxiety wondering if I was smart to stop.  (My liver tests were bad at the time so I had to stop everything.)  The best thing I can say is that eventually it ends and life goes on.
Hi All-
To heck if I know...but it may mean this:
it came from a previous happy thread turned into its own thread it essentially stands for a really bad day.  I will look for the story and post it for you.
oh, I also liked Janet's idea!!!! 

Oh my gosh Janetlee that was too funny!!!  Are you a writer?  It took me a minute to figure out where you were going with that, but once I caught on...LMAO!  Thanks for the differnt point of &quot;view&quot;
frankly if this was true i am glad i stay at home to aviod these kinds of thnigs happening to me as i had enough bad things already happened to me so i am one of those in a coma you see b/c i didnt think it was so funny
Yeah that was great thanx!
That was inspirational thanks Janet.
no offense here taken but personally if this happened to me i would not think it was funny....getting stung in the rear end by a jelly fish is dangerous and unusal and painful. maybe i am the wet blanket on this thread but i fail to see the humor and even more so if it happened to me.... 
Thanks everyone! I enjoyed writing the story from the jellyfish's point of view! I'm glad if I can make even one person smile, but if I can make lots of you smile or better, laugh, then I feel very happy about  
I am taking a stress management class at school. I decided that I want to try and be able to get off some of the meds I'm on and see the professor had some things I can do at home for relaxation and to calm the migraines, panic attacks and depression I have. Even if it's just a small amout, it will help. So....here's one that I want to share because I love it. It works if you can focus and just let it do it's thing.   
Thank you for the awesome holisitic relaxation tecnique!  I am so glad that it worked for you.  I too have had tremendous relief with breathing and progressive muscle relaxation.  It is the body's reaction to fear and stressors that starts a/p so it makes sense that in turn the body can reverse the process and heal itself.  Good luck with your class and thanks again for sharing...going to try the power nap!
Thanx keep up the good work and let us know how the class goes.
Hi, I'm trying to figure out what's going on with me.&nbsp; Sometimes my heart starts racing, I get really tired and feel really weak.&nbsp; Then I lie down in bed and fall asleep.&nbsp; After 1-3 hours I start feeling a little better.&nbsp; Could this be a panic attack?&nbsp; Does anyone else get really tired when their heart starts racing?
It may or may not be a Panic attack.  Best way to find out ito be sure is to get checked by your doctor.  I am sure others will be by to post shortly.
Hi Kremit,
what is the best time to take this drug in the moring or at bed time&nbsp;thanks matt
My psychiatrist said to take it in the morning.F.
I am sure as the day goes on more posts will come.  I dont know the answers to this one.  
I should have not tried to self-medicate last night. It was so nice though not having a stomach ache this morning. But if you missed my last post i tried to speed up the xanax weeding process by 1 whole pill instead of 1/2. Couldn't sleep all night, was up at 4:30, felt out of it all day, and depressed. So, I am going to stick with the dr's plan of reducing by 1/2 a week. I know she isn't the best dr. but at least I will have her till I am better. Which I hope is sooner then later. The stomach aches are getting less since I am on a lower dose thank god. I am so hoping by doing it her way I will not have withdrawals. I am on 8 weeks of being on xanax. 

Listen to your doc and keep us posted.  k?
I know all of you&nbsp;can understand when I say, I'm sick of feeling like this!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Daisy,
I was wondering how long does it take for everyone else to calm down after a major attack, It takes me about"Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it, what is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside." -Ramana Maharishi&nbsp;
Daisy,
Hmm well as far as calming down to some extent I woud say that lasts atleast a few hours but the ignoring symptoms and enjoying life that would definately be prolly a few days.
good point bear I guess i have just adapted enjoying life not not quite hating it so much
Daisy, I am so sorry it takes you so long to recover from a panic attack, No you aren't alone. It sucks though that we have a predisposition to anxiety and we will always have it. 
Hi everyone! Hope everyone is doing well this morning. I had a migraine a few days ago and the only thing that seems to work for me is taking Extra Strength Excedrine, which has cafeine in it. I've been feeling a little edgy for a couple weeks now and this just throws me over the edge. If I don't take it, I get anxious because of the pain, if I do the cafeine gives me little panic attacks. I've tried Ibuprophin and Tylenol and they do nothing for my headaches. Someone suggested taking Naproxine, but I've only taken that once and threw up shortly after (could just be a coincidence). Anyone have other suggestions for OTC meds? I also use cold packs and pressure, which helps a little, but only temporarily. I hate anxiety! Of course, the headaches are making me all paranoid now. I haven't been getting them often, until lately. I've had migraines/bad headaches since I was a teenager though, so will someone please tell me not to panic?!!!    
I will Bear! Sorry you're going through it too. I think it's  weather related also. I've been feeling a lot of pressure in my sinuses and I've been extra dizzy, which of course isn't good for my continued anxiety. Argh! Normalsnofun: I will try the heating pad on my neck, worth a try right? Thanks
i swear by 1,000mg of acetominophen for my killer headaches. works every time!
I agree with you Ali......so sorry paniccu I know they are the worst for pain...... 
hi paniccu,  i have horrible migraines, and the horrible fact that i cant have caffiene makes it worse, since yeah, excedrin migraine med is the best otc stuff. I finally had to go to the doc and get some meds, alot of the meds they try to give you also have caffiene, so it took me a bit to find one that works.....sometimes. I had midrin, which helped, but not enough......now i have vicoden(sp??) which ive only used once so far, but it was on the third day of the darn thing, so im not sure if its better yet or not. I hope you can get help, migraines are horrible things....very painful. My experience with the hospital, they give me shots of methodone, which knocks me on me rear for over a day, but sometimes, you will do anything to ease it after days on end. .  A couple of things that help me....a hand massager on the pressure points helps a lil and sometimes, if i take my head and put it under really cold water for a min, then change it to hot water, as hot as i can stand it....that for some reason helps a bit too. I wish you the best and hope you find something that works well for you. hugs
Thanks everyone for your ideas and support.I'm feeling really good today. I tried alternating heat and cold last night and I took 600 mg of ibuprophin and it seemed to work. Although I wouldn't say I had an actual migraine yesterday, it was progressing into a painful headache . I was afraid it would turn into one , since I'd just gotten over one. I am pretty sure I have actual migraines sometimes (with the nusuea and the light sensitivity, etc) , but I generally only get them every one or two months now, so I haven't thought it was bad enough to go to the doc for. If they get any more frequent I will though. It's amazing today, I'm not even dizzy and I am always dizzy. Whoohoooo! Doing the happy dance today.
Thanks everyone! You're right about my headaches. Once I had one so bad that I almost blacked out and I had to have my parents pick me up from work. If my kids ever get them like that I'm definitely calling the doc. (My dad was a radiologist so maybe he knew it wasn't serious?)
Just found out my daughter is panicin about her salvation and going to hell has anyone out there had this same problem and if so where to go from here?
Dillon...I am gonna delete your other thread as its the same as this.  Please dont double post.  I dont have this problem but others will be by to share.
Hello Dillon....My husband and I pastor a small home based church...I have such high aniexty at times that it's hard for me to even go to church. My husband has the call of pastor on his life and became ordain a a year and 1/2 ago...Thank you
Well I thought I was doing a little better and today I felt like I did all summer long. Strange spacy and moments of panic and felt like I was going crazy. Yuck!!!!!! I had a really hard day at work and came home very tired I'm thinking that might have something to do with it. I have so much homework tonight and don't know if I'll ever get it done. Georgia
Hi Georgia, getting an extension on your homework?
my life just a little bit brighter. You have a wonderful sense of humor. For me, laughter is sometimes the best medicine. When I get down or start to panic over school, money, hubby, family, my health and whatever else life decides to throw at me, I put in an episode of Friends, (have all 10 seasons), an episode of That '70's Show, (have the 1st 3 seasons, anticipating the next ones) or put in Buffy the Vampire Slayer or Angel, (have all of each of these series). They make me laugh, cry and just let me get away from my own problems for a minute. I also read a book, any book I can get my hands on. My 2 favorite are The Thorn Birds and Gone With the Wind. I find I need time 'away' from myself and this is one of the only ways I can accomplish this. Sometimes I'll call up a friend and talk or we'll go out to lunch/dinner, depending on my mood. Just anything to get things off my chest and to try and stop dwelling. 
Hear hear!
Welp, I’m like you guys -- and at bad times I too tend to hide away for a bit of a T.V. (or DVD movies) marathon!! And the ones you folks have mentioned are probably the best…Nothing heavy. Moreover, anyone, I believe that still has a number of friends to call up and talk or go out to lunch/dinner with is really blessed –I seemed to have outlived most of my friends and the remainder are restricted in what they are able to do, and when. Sometimes, just crawling into a big bathtub of hot bubbly water; it can ease the anxiety/panic disorder-for me.  It has been recommended to me also, in these really bad times, to have a recovery plan. I sometimes buy a wonderful book when I’m feeling good and put it on my desk with a bookmark in side.  Even though I would really enjoy reading it, I save it until I’m feeling crappy and then I escape into it’s fantasy to get out of the pit I’m in and to try and stop digging that hole any deeper.
Janet you do rock keep it up.  
Yeah CounterClockwise! 
Hey Janet -- you're very welcome -- and you deserve it! :)
Have any of you ever experienced a panic attack because you had diarhea. I dont mean diarhea because you had panic. I mean you ate something bad for you and got stomach craps, the runs, the whole 9 yards and just sat on the toilet having a full blown panic attack. It happened to me tonight and scared the crap out of me..no pun intended. All I kept thinking is Please dont let this time be real and me die right here on the toilet for my husband to find. Im tryin to be light hearted about this i hope no one takes offense. I know its a little bit crude...but it really did scare me and i jumped on here to ask if its normal. Im still a little shakey but typin on the board helps a lot. Thanks for reading :)
It's full circle for me.  I either panic and wind up spending a lot of time in the bathroom (IBS doesn't help my situation) or I feel sick, cramps, vomit or spend too much time in the bathroom, etc, and then I have a panic attack thinking that something horrible is happening to me.  The latter is worse because you keep wondering WHY is this happening?  Was it something I ate?  Do I have a flu?  Something worse?  What caused it?
Anytime I'm sick I get panicky, especially if I have really bad diahrea. Like the kind that makes you feel like you are going to collapse.
LOL thanks all of you!.. I was so embarrassed to write that. I appreciate the replys. I feel some-what normal now... (whatever that means) Normal in the world of anxiety i guess I should say. Posting here always helps me feel better. Again thanks for the replies.
Just this sitatution has kept me trapped in my home for many months at a time......I kept thinking that once I go outside the bid D will happen....I used to monitor everything I ate, timed when I ate and if I already ate dinner I would not leave the house until the next day if I could even do that.....
Oh!&nbsp; I'm am so glad I finally found you!&nbsp; I thought there wasn't a forum for panic because I was looking under P for Panic and not A for Anxiety. Duh!&nbsp; Anyways, I juat read your Panic is...topic, and I just felt like I was coming home to people who understood how real this is.&nbsp; I had a story I wanted to tell you guys about what happened to me:
Hi Maude,If it was a physical problem everyone would be cheering you for working hard to overcome it, instead we're faced with stigma from the general public and sometimes friends and family.
Welcome Maude,
Maude
That was a pretty&nbsp;unprofessional thing&nbsp;to do. As a teacher I have never made any secret about my anxiety disorder. I found out there were others like me&nbsp;taking meds and have had at least one panic attack. Teaching is stressful. One of the most stressful professions a person can be in. I have had panic attacks in front of my class and had&nbsp;to deal with it right on the spot. It is difficult at best. Your collegue is misinformed, insensitive, obnoxious&nbsp;and rude. She&nbsp;also doesn't understand the&nbsp;difference between mental&nbsp;illness and physical illness. Anxiety and panic disorders are physical illnesses caused by physical problems. Teachers need&nbsp;to understand and be sympathetic instead of pathetic. Some of their students will suffer from anxiety and panic. They&nbsp;will need a support person to!

Since my first panic attack at age 44 I have found that it is impossible to explain to people how this affects me. I know that before my panic attack I would have been that other person. I have finally stopped wasting energy on these people and also for every jerk, there are 10 others who will have an open mind.
Some churches, even ours are not under a General Counsel. Though we do have an Official Board of Directors.  In this church, the pastor had complete control over the whole church...I knew when he was doing when he did he was breaking the an athethics law...It was just easier for me at the time to just not go back and still have not...Since then though he has been on the news for running a pyramid scheme out of his church and had to go to jail...
Hi every one?
Hi sorry you are dealing with this I dont take ssri's but I am sure someone that is one this med will post and try to help you out hoping you feel better........take care and others will post i am sure...
yeah, I think it would be wierd too for this to come from the meds all of a sudden, but I sometimes get panic attacks where my face and hands go numb, even with no other signs of an attack, and it has lasted on and off for days, so maybe it is just panic presenting itself in a new way?&nbsp; Hope you feel better, but get yourself to the dr. if it lasts much longer!
Gosh, now I'm panicing for you a little, which means I've gone into my illness-brainstorming phase.  So remember I'm over re-acting.  What are the symptoms for serotinin sickness?  I'm sorry to ask, because I don't want to make you more afraid, but I don't want you to be sicker than you think you are either!  I just wish we could trust what our bodies tell us!
Maude I wouldnt really think it is that it would or should have shown up along time ago not 10 mths later IMO but ya never know 
The numbness in the hands sounds like anxiety to me, the other things could just be a virus. In fact a co-worker of mine was complaining of the same symptoms this morning and we sent him home. Then of course the anxiety make all the other sympyoms worse. Hang in there I'm sure it will pass."Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it, what is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside." -Ramana Maharishi&nbsp;
Thank you for all replies&nbsp;mates!
Welcome angest,  i dont take zoloft, but im glad youre here and have gotten and will get some great advice from those who do take it. Hope you get to feeling better real soon, 
i poste d my first post here about 4 days ago and i waws delighted to see the support that was on offer, i am 1 month away to getting the help i need and deserve, i have tried to&nbsp; hide my problem and ive tried to tell myself i could live with this(panic attacks) but you&nbsp; cant you have to fight this disorder and give it what its dew the longer you live with it the more it will live with you! to any 1 thats new here send a message people r here to help you.&nbsp; 
Yes anothony this A/P thing is the pits.  I tried to ignore it for some time.  It wasnt till recently that I came anywhere near treaing it.  Hang in there and be PROUD of who you are not ASHAMED of what you have
Hi All,
Hi Janet.&nbsp; In a word, yes.&nbsp; I am sure physical illness can aggravate anxiety.&nbsp; For myself, my anxiety is always worse when I am tired, hungry or generally under the weather.&nbsp; Last week I had a throat virus, nothing terrible, just a bit achy and swollen glands.&nbsp; My anxiety symptoms were bad.&nbsp; This week I feel better physically and my anxiety symptoms are less.&nbsp; I am convinced they go hand in hand.
hi janetlee, i agree with janet, physical injury does indeed make anxiety worse.....i know from plenty of experience ;)   hope you feel better soon
i smoke my own legal herbal blend. what do you do? does anyone else make herbal tea or smoke blends?
My boyfriend and I have been together for 10 years. He proposed to in June. My mom and I went to a hall and she seemed like she was going to book it as soon as she had the money. Now she is saying she won't book the hall till she knows that my bf and I can afford to live together. I am willing to prove to her that we are , my bf is insulted by this. It is annoying to me also but I'm trying to not fight with her. All I know is once I'm out of the house, she is out of my hair. But how do I tell her to just do her job, pay for the wedding, and leave us to the life stuff? T 
Hey T Bird! I thought I'd share my opinion on this since I was just married in June of this year, so all the stress of planning a wedding is still pretty fresh in my memory ;)
Bf and I have discussed the marriage thing more often lately we both decided that if either set of parents becomes over bearing we will find a way to do it ourselfs and nix them from any planning.  Also my parents are divorced and I worry how that will go over the 2 of them in the same room.  They will get an ultmatum, behave or leave.  I dont however think this has all settled in my head yet.  I think id jump outta my skin if he asked me ne way.  However Good luck and I hope it works out keep us posted.
To those who take Klonopin or Ativan I have a question.....I am considering requesting either one or both of these to see if they help me....I was given both when I was in the hospital for 8 days, but never really considered taking them for a daily use...
i take ativan and the only side effect is that it at first will make you sleepy. i take 1mg. i can take my ativan 3 times a day or as needed and latley it's been 2 to 3 times daily. hope this helps.    amos
hi, Feeling really rubbish today...anxious,tearful...etc ..and what makes me feel worse is that for the past couple of weeks I've been feeling great!...Then 'BAM'..back to square 1   .
Hi Jaydyl...I know how you feel and it's very frustrating. I have a free online CBT course if you would like to try it just e-mail me, my address is in my profile. I would be happy to send you everything that was sent to me. Therapy has also done wonders for me! "Happiness is your nature. It is not wrong to desire it, what is wrong is seeking it outside when it is inside." -Ramana Maharishi&nbsp;
Hi jaydyl,
Ok hoe no one minds this lil light bulb moment of mine.  I was browsing the threads and saw a signature that kinda cought me.  I know i know youre all thinking...was it mine? what did I put there again?  Well, The signature that struck my eye was Scardy Cats.  (hope you dont mind me calling it to attention)  The signature is:
Thanx mom...
I've been trying for two days to get in to see a psychiatrist. I called my insurance yesterday and they gave me three names. I called the one that was closest to my house, naturally. I'd put off calling the insurance until close to doctors office closing time, why, I don't know. I forgot about them if they did. It's not safe, it's not healthy. I'm just getting desperate. 
Chelle, are you taking any meds right now? Any benzos (ie; xanax, Ativan/Lorazepam, klonopin)? That would help you calm down.Twiggygal~
Chelle,
Thanks for the input 

Hey seechell,Ann
Thanks Guys-
Dear chelle, im glad you feel better this morning. Im sorry its so hard to find a good doc, especially on short notice, there are so many that wont take new patients......You have plenty of input, and as always, plenty of ppl here who do care, (and ya better listen to sis lyn,&nbsp;she will getcha when needed, shes da bomb ;)&nbsp;i hope you can get into a doc soon, and please keep posting. We luvs ya, and are happy you are here with us, we all need support. take care, and huge HUGS!!shell
Hi Chellebest wishes.  aloisia.
For the past few days (almost a week now), i get a tightness in my left temple.&nbsp; there's no pain at all, and it comes on and off.&nbsp; it almost feels like the way a pulse feels, but it's like a throb, there's no pulsing.&nbsp; i'm really worried that maybe this is the beginning signs of a brain aneurysm or something.&nbsp; i probaby should make an appointment with my doctor, but do you think this is stress related??&nbsp; or something more serious?????
Agree with hopeful.  Migraines are often unilateral.  I too get this pressure in my temple - sometimes the entire side of my head/face.  Have you talked to your doc?  Maybe he could refer you to a neurologist.  Hope you feel better soon.
Totally agree with Hopeful and hopeful ..........
good morning everyone. had a question that is freaking me out. does anyone ever feel like warm blood gushes through there chest right before or during a panic attack? this has me really scared. also my throat feels funny like it does before you cry. please help me.


Nikki - I had similar headaches and found out I needed eye glasses, whew.  Have an eye exam as soon as you can, ok?  I hope your headache is nothing serious and I hope you feel better soon.  Until then, concentrate on all of the good things in your life and visualize your self in a great, peaceful place.  I sometimes destress by researching exotic vacations, might sound weird but it works sometimes to imagine myself traveling to an exciting destination and getting away from it all... you and that you're going to be okay :o)
OK, all of you saved me.&nbsp; I thought this pressure on the right side of my temple was something horrible!&nbsp; I had just come back from lunch and had BBQ and after lunch, I got this weird feeling on the right side of my temple, of course thinking the worst, I started to panic a little wondering where I was in relation to the nearest hosptial.&nbsp; Then I started telling myself to calm down and think!&nbsp; Which I was able to do, so I figured it couldn't be so bad that I was confused or anything.
I experience this feeling with mild panic attacks. sucks. good morning everyone. had a question that is freaking me out. does anyone ever feel like warm blood gushes through there chest right before or during a panic attack? this has me really scared. also my throat feels funny like it does before you cry. please help me.
I have been getting these same symptoms, been really worried it can be something serious like a tumor, or MS. I had panic attacks and could not sleep well for about 3 days. I finally went to the emergency room, because the pressure was starting in the front of my head behind my eyes and moving to the back of my neck, seemed to get worse when I laid my head flat on my pillow. So the hospital did a no contrast CT scan, and said it came back normal, and for me to go have a follow up check up with a MD, So today I went to the follow up appointment, she said she thinks it is from dehydration. I don't get headaches often and for some reason I am not convinced. Could the CT scan have missed something?
Hey I'm 27 years old and my pain just started a few days ago my head feels very heavy and my temples especially my left and behind my eye feels pressure and pain my nose the top bone feels like I've be wearing glasses for so long and my forehead hurts too I feel like my brain is going to explode please someone help I'm not interested in a CT scan due to the dangers in it for future I'm going to see a neurologist but I'm waiting on a appointment I just don't want to end up dead :(
Hi everyone!&nbsp; I haven't been on for a while, and the past couple of days, anxiety hit me head on again.&nbsp; i have OCD (i haven't been diagnosed, but I fit the picture to a T), and now i'm worried, 'what if it's not that, what if i have schizoprenia or something?'&nbsp; i've been through this worry before, and i'm not sure if it's because in the past week, a lot of financial issues have come my way and made me sick.&nbsp; so i'm trying to believe that this fear comes from the anxiety i've been under lately.&nbsp; the reason i have this fear, is because i was reading things on schizoprenia, and one of the symptoms is having bizarre worries.&nbsp; i'm not sure now if my 'bizarre' worries are from OCD or something more??????
Worrier
Thanks Lyn!&nbsp; Right before I read this i was in the middle of googling schizoprenia-i'm not going to do that now!&nbsp; i'll just wreck my day because i will probably work myself into symptoms!&nbsp; i'm going to try very hard to put this in the back of my head, but have you had bizarre over the top worries that really make no sense and are impossible, yet it crosses your mind still???&nbsp; i guess it is just other anxieties that bring this on......
that makes me feel better!&nbsp; but one thing that worried me&nbsp;that you mentioned, is that a few years ago on the news, there was a story of a couple families where someone broke into their homes and put poison in the juice, and a few of the members died.&nbsp; if i ever leave a bottle of water in my car, and have left the door unlocked, that thought crosses my mind, even though i know it's far fetched.&nbsp; that's not a symptom is it??!!!!!&nbsp; and sometimes tat has even worried me.&nbsp; oh god, i hope i'm ok
To be schizophrenic you have to hear voices, and i'm not talking voices like thoughts, but voices as clear as you can hear music. And seeing things that are not real. Panic and anxiety gives the feeling you're going crazy because you less yourself, less in control of your mind, but you are not! Simply being afraid of going crazy is a proof you're aware of everything going on in your mind. I'm no expert here, just a guy who's been through that. When you get a break and feel better, you'll see you are still yourself, and still fully in control of yourself. Trust me, you'll get better.
I had posted that to Worrier FT and you are totally spot on.....LYN
Thanks Lyn!!&nbsp; i know i go over the top and beyond with my worrying, i'm a bit more calm now, however, i'm trying to shake it out of my head and enjoy life!
Good to hear I will for sure be watching for ya k 
As is other ppl .....
i agree, if you were schizophrenic you probably wouldn't be looking up the symptoms and you wouldn't think you were crazy - you'd think everyone else is crazy...as for the juice thing, i get that way too....if i hear a particular story it sticks with me and i worry that it could happen to me. it's just another fear we have and have to work through with techniques like CBT, etc ...i'm not a doctor but have worked in a psychiatric ward and can tell you imho that you're going to be ok.  i know it's been said already, but great advice is that if you're sane enough to worry about going crazy - it's just your anxiety acting out.  it's so hard and easier said than done, but stay strong and positive!
YOU GUYS ARE THE BEST!!!!!&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you so much for all the responses.&nbsp; you all really did make me feel better!&nbsp; i haven't worried too much about it today!!&nbsp; you have no idea how good you have made me feel!
Hi, 
Thanks for the great and accurate input MS
Thank you everyone!&nbsp; That makes it clear, and i believe i am over reacting, but i can't help it!!!
Ditto to that statement MS.......
As most of you may know, I'm about
It's in my signature, and also in my profile if you click on my name.  I wasn't a blogger before I started blogging.  You're a candidate if you want to be one!  You certainly write well and have a lot of experience with this.
i am interested in being a guest blogger. i tried to email you but my email i think is messed up. so i will try this. i have a link to my myspace page where i blog there and have pictures i have taken. all very amaetuer stuff and all mine. but i am willing to help you. i am online everyday and would like to help you if you want my help. i dont use capital letters though and i am not the best speller. i also have not really read your blog that much just glanced a little but now i'm rambling. anyway. just let me know what you think. and you can say no and i wont get uspet. i will understand. i am very new here. and you dont really know me. just contact me here or my hotmail should work i hope.
i just want to apologize here to you too. like i said in the email. rough night. not your fault and i sounded &quot;witchy&quot; i am sorry. i really do wish you luck in finding someone, even if its not me.
So, I am going to be going back to the doctor this week, because of some issues.&nbsp; But, I have a few questions that maybe you guys could answer first to either ease my mind, or educate me before I go to my appointment.
I wish we could answer that, but only a cardiologist can rule out heart problems.  If you're taking Xanax several times a day, though, I've heard people say they get rebound anxiety when the dose wears off.  If you find yourself taking lots of that stuff you may ask your doc about
Hi Hun,
Hey Mary...thanks.  I too have the tightness almost all the time.  It has gone down some since I started the Lexapro...and of course, when I take a Xanax, it goes away.  I am going to get in with the doctor this week, and maybe even to a cardiologist as well...we will see what happens.   as well!

Thanks a lot Kitt!  I have a call into my doctor, so we will see where this goes.  As always, I am happy to be able to come here and get great advice.  Thanks to everyone!!! as well!
Hello, New to the site. I work all day and at misc. times I get pain that feels like it's coming from my heart. I went to my MD and had blood work and a stress test. Both came back fine. My question is since the first post was in 2007, did you make any headway? Your issues sounds similar. I am going through a great deal of stress but who isn't. I have got out of shape because I work all the time instead of enjoying life. I just wonder why alprazolam helps if it's NOT heart related? I know I should ask my doc but I was hoping someone has already done that for the same reason.NorthSideMechanic
I was curious if anyone else has dealt with this or knows someone? I am constantly in fear of having diarrhea or getting the stomach bug when I am not at home. I constantly worring, I can't go and do anything because I am so worried. I usually just stay at home and do nothing. I use to be a very out going person. I loved to go hiking, travel, sports and to shop! Basically I was never at home. I am 25 and this problem started about a therapist to see if it can help! i am suppose to go on vacation in a couple of weeks and i am terrified of the ride up there! this is ruining my life! If anyone has any help or comments please let me know! I want to be able to enjoy my child
Welcome to HW

There are many with A/P that too have this problem but are more reluctant to bring it out in the open........

  a therapist to see if it can help! i am suppose to go on vacation in a couple of weeks and i am terrified of the ride up there! this is ruining my life! If anyone has any help or comments please let me know! I want to be able to enjoy my child

I had this problem for many, many years. It manifested after a night when my parents went out and I got sick home alone by myself. I believe I was aboutDon't worry...I know it's a horrible feeling but you will get through it, you've just got to face it. You can do this!
i must add ginger tablets stop stomach pains or general sick feeling or root ginger.PRISONER OF PORCELIN
I'm soooooo glad I am not alone!!!!

Hi Lynlo you have posted to a very old post, and I don't think that person is even a member anymore.Crohn's Disease for over 33 years. Currently on Asacol, Prilosec, Estrace, Prinivil, Diltiazem, Percoset prn for pain, Zofran, Phenergan, Probiotics,&nbsp;Calcium&nbsp; w/Vit D, and Xanax as needed. Resections in 2002 and 2005. Also diagnosed with Fibromyalgia, Osteoarthritis, and Anxiety. Currently my Crohns is in remission, but my joints are going crazy!
Hi. I know these posts are several years old now but it's great to know it's not just me!!!! :)Thanks for giving me a place to ramble on
Hey there_
HI Dan
I experience head jerks. I usually feel a lot of pressure and tension in the back of my head.&nbsp;In&nbsp;social situations I usually get a slight head jerk and even when I look at someone in the eyes. I focus so much on it now that I even get it when I'm by myself, but nothing compared to the fear/tension of having them in public.
mine has done this, and sometimes it shakes it scared me so bad  but i was shaking all over too,  i started taking magnesuem and it pretty much has stopped it will do it at certain place resturants and stores for some reason, the more i thought of it the worse it got, i think it just comes with anxiety attacks, at least with me

thanks for your posts guys, it really makes me feel a lot better knowing im not alone as i was scared of it being a nerve disorder or something like that even though my doctor said it wasnt lolkeep eachother updated!
Hi everyone,

So sorry hun 
Glad to hear you are doing a bit better, just try not to overdo it...easier said than done, I know.&nbsp; I hurt my back carrying a tv upstairs about two and a half years ago.&nbsp; It was so bad that I couldn't straighten up or walk for three days.&nbsp; I went back to doing physical things way to quickly and am still having to deal with back problems because of it.&nbsp; It's&nbsp;no where near as bad, it just hurts occassionally and makes it hard to sleep, but before this happened I never had any problems with my back, so it's hard to adjust too and I always wonder if I'd have just taken it easy for a bit longer if I'd not have these problems now.&nbsp; So please, take plenty of time to let your back heal properly.&nbsp; Hope you continue to improve!
It is improving im trying not t do anything too strenuous, although i did go and weed all the gardens yestertday which did give it a slight twinge but it feels good this morning... 
To help you gain the most from our HealingWell.com Forums and Chat, please familiarize yourself with the rules and guidelines below for participating in the message forums and chat rooms.Rules and guidelines may change at any time, please re-read them regularly.

